"er  petunia, dear  you haven't heard from your sister lately, have you?" as he had expected, mrs. dursley looked shocked and angry
but how is the boy getting here, dumbledore?" she eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding harry underneath it
"you think it  wise  to trust hagrid with something as important as this?" i would trust hagrid with my life," said dumbledore
"vernon," aunt petunia was saying in a quivering voice, "look at the address  how could they possibly know where he sleeps? you don't think they're watching the house?" "watching  spying  might be following us," muttered uncle vernon wildly
wouldn't it be better just to go home, dear?" aunt petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but uncle vernon didn't seem to hear her
"storm forecast for tonight!" said uncle vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together
"and this gentleman's kindly agreed to lend us his boat!" a toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them
"but what does a ministry of magic do?" "well, their main job is to keep it from the muggles that there's still witches an' wizards up an' down the country
"good lord," said the bartender, peering at harry, "is this  can this be ?" the leaky cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent
"i'm up front, the prefects have got two compartments to themselves " "oh, are you a prefect, percy?" said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise
"never mind that, do you think he remembers what you-know-who looks like?" their mother suddenly became very stern
"did you hear about gringotts? it's been all over the daily prophet, but i don't suppose you get that with the muggles  someone tried to rob a high security vault
"can we help you with something?" "you'd better hurry up and put your robes on, i've just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he says we're nearly there
what looked like a fat little monk was saying: "forgive and forget, i say, we ought to give him a second chance " "my dear friar, haven't we given peeves all the chances he deserves? he gives us all a bad name and you know, he's not really even a ghost  i say, what are you all doing here?" a ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years
what if he wasn't chosen at all? what if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until professor mcgonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he'd better get back on the train? when neville longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool
"that does look good," said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching harry cut up his steak, "can't you ?" i haven't eaten for nearly four hundred years," said the ghost
slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! the bloody baron's becoming almost unbearable  he's the slytherin ghost
off you trot!" the gryffindor first years followed percy through the chattering crowds, out of the great hall, and up the marble staircase
it said, in a very untidy scrawl: dear harry, i know you get friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three? i want to hear all about your first week
"what would i get if i added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?" powdered root of what to an infusion of what? harry glanced at ron, who looked as stumped as he was; hermione's hand had shot into the air
"what is the difference, potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?" at this, hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling
he'd lost two points for gryffindor in his very first week  why did snape hate him so much? "cheer up," said ron, "snape's always taking points off fred and george
what would the dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep? up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still professor mcgonagall didn't say a word to him
"are you serious, professor?" "absolutely," said professor mcgonagall crisply
so  think you've got all that?" "three chasers try and score with the quaffle; the keeper guards the goal posts; the beaters keep the bludgers away from their team," harry reeled off
"prefects," he rumbled, "lead your houses back to the dormitories immediately!" percy was in his element
"can you smell something?" harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean
said professor mcgonagall, staring at the three of them, "miss granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?" hermione hung her head
"so  after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating "jordan!" growled professor mcgonagall
"i don' know why harry's broom acted like that, but snape wouldn' try an' kill a student! now, listen to me, all three of yeh  yer meddlin' in things that don' concern yeh
you forget that dog, an' you forget what it's guardin', that's between professor dumbledore an' nicolas flamel " "aha!" said harry, "so there's someone called nicolas flamel involved, is there?" hagrid looked furious with himself
"hagrid and my aunt and uncle  so who sent these?" "i think i know who that one's from," said ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel
"hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons! look at these: dragon species of great britain and ireland; from egg to inferno, a dragon keeper's guide
"listen, i'm glad we've run inter yeh, ronan, 'cause there's a unicorn bin hurt  you seen anythin'?" ronan didn't answer immediately
"stay on the path, i'll come back for yeh!" they heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them
"what was that thing you saved me from, anyway?" firenze slowed to a walk, warned harry to keep his head bowed in case of low-hanging branches, but did not answer harry's question
anyway, who says the centaurs are right? it sounds like fortune-telling to me, and professor mcgonagall says that's a very imprecise branch of magic
"now?" "professor dumbledore is a very great wizard, potter, he has many demands on his time  "but this is important
"i know what this is  it's devil's snare!" "oh, i'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck
harry was remembering his trip to diagon alley -how could he have been so stupid? he'd seen quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the leaky cauldron
"but your friend  nicolas flamel " "oh, you know about nicolas?" said dumbledore, sounding quite delighted
"sending you your father's cloak and everything?" "well, " hermione exploded, "if he did  i mean to say that's terrible  you could have been killed
petunia, you will be -?" "in the lounge," said aunt petunia promptly, "waiting to welcome them graciously to our home
"not that i'm not pleased to meet you," said harry quickly, "but, er, is there any particular reason you're here?" "oh, yes, sir," said dobby earnestly
"and you!" said mrs. weasley, but it was with a slightly softened expression that she started cutting harry bread and buttering it for him
but the things our lot have taken to enchanting, you wouldn't believe -" "like cars, for instance?" mrs. weasley had appeared, holding a long poker like a sword
as long as he wasn't intending to fly the car, the fact that the car could fly wouldn't -" "arthur weasley, you made sure there was a loophole when you wrote that law!" shouted mrs. weasley
how may i be of assistance? i must show you, just in today, and very reasonably priced -" "i'm not buying today, mr. borgin, but selling," said mr. malfoy
"i told you, i was lost - what were you doing down there, anyway?" * "i was lookin' fer a flesh-eatin' slug repellent," growled hagrid
"what an extraordinary moment this is! the perfect moment for me to make a little announcement i've been sitting on for some time! "when young harry here stepped into flourish and blotts today, he only wanted to buy my autobiography -which i shall be happy to present him now, free of charge-" the crowd applauded again
"bet you're surprised to see harry here, eh?" "not as surprised as i am to see you in a shop, weasley," retorted malfoy
"dear me, what's the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizard if they don't even pay you well for it?" mr. weasley flushed darker than either ron or ginny
"hold on!" ron yelled, and he slammed his foot on the acceler * ator; they shot straight into the low, woolly clouds and everything turned dull and foggy
"what's happen -?" ron gasped, staring through the windshield, and harry looked around just in time to see a branch as thick as a python smash into it
"we're done for!" he moaned as the ceiling sagged, but suddenly the floor of the car was vibrating - the engine had restarted
where's snape?" professor severus snape was harry's least favorite teacher
"inspired! what an entrance! flying a car right into the whomping willow, people'll be talking about that one for years -" "good for you," said a fifth year harry had never spoken to; someone was patting him on the back as though he'd just won a marathon; fred and george pushed their way to the front of the crowd and said together, "why couldn't we've come in the car, eh?" ron was scarlet in the face, grinning embarrassedly, but harry could see one person who didn't look happy at all
"that lockhart's something, isn't he?" said justin happily as they began fiiling their plant pots with dragon dung compost
"it'd be worth more than his family's whole house -" ron whipped out his spellotaped wand, but hermione shut voyages with vampires with a snap and whispered, "look out!" "what's all this, what's all this?" gilderoy lockhart was striding * toward them, his turquoise robes swirling behind him
what, in your opinion, is gilderoy lockhart's greatest achievement to date? on and on it went, over three sides of paper, right down to:
when is gilderoy lockhart's birthday, and what would his ideal gift be? half an hour later, lockhart collected the papers and rifled through them in front of the class
"an engorgement charm, i suppose?" said hermione, halfway between disapproval and amusement
"filth!" he shouted, his jowls aquiver, his eyes popping alarmingly as he pointed at the muddy puddle that had dripped from harry's quidditch robes
"it's only a bit of mud to you, boy, but to me it's an extra hour scrubbing!" shouted filch, a drip shivering unpleasantly at the end of his bulbous nose
"i'll have you this time, i'll have you!" and without a backward glance at harry, filch ran flat-footed from the office, mrs. norris streaking alongside him
nettles of topsham writes: "i had no memory for incantations and my potions were a family joke! now, after a kwikspell course, i am the center of attention at parties and friends beg for the recipe of my scintillation solution!" warlock d
prod of didsbury says: "my wife used to sneer at my feeble charms, but one month into your fabulous kwikspell course and i succeeded in turning her into a yak! thank you, kwikspell!" fascinated, harry thumbed through the rest of the envelope's contents
"that vanishing cabinet was extremely valuable!" he was saying gleefully to mrs. norris
mr. weasley and miss granger would be most welcome, too, of course - but i daresay you'd rather go to the school feast?" he watched harry on tenterhooks
"live 'uns!" said sir patrick, spotting harry, ron, and hermione and giving a huge, fake jump of astonishment, so that his head fell off again (the crowd howled with laughter)
i smell blood!" his stomach lurched - "it's going to kill someone!" he shouted, and ignoring ron's and hermione's bewildered faces, he ran up the next flight of steps three at a time, trying to listen over his own pounding footsteps - harry hurtled around the whole of the second floor, ron and hermione panting behind him, not stopping until they turned a corner into the last, deserted passage
we'd be breaking about fifty school rules, i expect -" "if, in a month or so, you feel like explaining, you will let us know, won't you?" said ron irritably
"what if we were stuck looking like three of the slytherins forever?" "it wears off after a while," said hermione, waving her hand ** impatiently
"moste potente potions?" she repeated suspiciously, trying to take the note from hermione; but hermione wouldn't let go
"what d'you mean, a bit of whoever we're changing into? i'm drinking nothing with crabbe's toenails in it -" hermione continued as though she hadn't heard him
"what's going on?" said wood as the gryffindor team huddled together, while slytherins in the crowd jeered
so, harry, just toddle up to the hospital wing - ah, mr. weasley, miss granger, would you escort him? - and madam pomfrey will be able to - er - tidy you up a bit
"you don't think he managed to get a picture of his attacker?" said professor mcgonagall eagerly
possibly lockhart had noticed, because he said, "enough demonstrating! i'm going to come amongst you now and put you all into pairs
"i said disarm only!" lockhart shouted in alarm over the heads of the battling crowd, as malfoy sank to his knees; harry had hit him with a tickling charm, and he could barely move for laughing
"yeh sure yeh're all righ'? yeh look all hot an' bothered -" harry couldn't bring himself to repeat what ernie and the rest of the hufflepuffs had been saying about him
"you don't think it was me, professor?" harry repeated hopefully as dumbledore brushed rooster feathers off his desk
he thought of malfoy shouting, "you'll be next, mudbloods!" and of the polyjuice potion simmering away in moaning myrtle's bathroom
"are you speaking to me again?" she nibbled his ear in an affectionate sort of way, which was a far better present than the one that she had brought him, which turned out to be from the dursleys
"how thick can you get?" ron whispered ecstatically as crabbe gleefully pointed out the cakes to goyle and grabbed them
"is lockhart the smarmiest bloke you've ever met, or what?" ron said to harry as they left the infirmary and started up the stairs toward gryffindor tower
"come off it, how could it be dangerous?" "you'd be surprised," said ron, who was looking apprehensively at the book
"wonder what potter's written in this?" said malfoy, who obvi * ously hadn't noticed the year on the cover and thought he had harry's own diary
he pulled out his wand and shouted, "expelliarmus!" and just as snape had disarmed lockhart, so malfoy found the diary shooting out of his hand into the air
but what good were these words? who exactly were they supposed to ask for help, when everyone was just as confused and scared as they were? hagrid's hint about the spiders was far easier to understand the trouble was, there didn't seem to be a single spider left in the castle to follow
"that draco malfoy character," said ernie, breaking off dead twigs, "he seems very pleased about all this, doesn't he? d'you know, i think he might be slytherin's heir
"er - aren't there - aren't there supposed to be werewolves in the forest?" he added as they took their usual places at the back of lockhart's classroom
"i wondered where it had gone!" harry squinted around on the floodlit ground for signs of more spiders, but they had all scuttled away from the glare of the headlights
"we're still getting exams?" there was a loud bang behind harry as neville longbottom's wand slipped, vanishing one of the legs on his desk
"so sorry - dozed off - what have i missed?" he didn't seem to notice that the other teachers were looking at him with something remarkably like hatred
"weren't you saying just last night that you've known all along where the entrance to the chamber of secrets is?" "i - well, i -"sputtered lockhart
"i shall take a bit of this skin back up to the school, tell them i was too late to save the girl, and that you two tragically lost your minds at the sight of her mangled body - say good-bye to your memories!" he raised ron's spellotaped wand high over his head and yelled, "obliviate!" the wand exploded with the force of a small bomb
"i'm okay - this git's not, though - he got blasted by the wand =' there was a dull thud and a loud "ow!" it sounded as though ron had just kicked lockhart in the shins
she took a large gulp of tea, wiped her mustache, and said, "where is it that you send him, again, vernon?" "st. brutus's," said uncle vernon promptly
"they died in a car crash, you nasty little liar, and left you to be a burden on their decent, hardworking relatives!" screamed aunt marge, swelling with fury
"so  so this bus," he went on quickly, hoping to distract stan, "did you say it goes anywhere?" "yep," said stan proudly, "anywhere you like, long's it's on land
" all you-know-'oo's supporters was tracked down, wasn't they, ern? most of 'em knew it was all over, wiv you-know-'oo gone, and they came quiet
"'ow come you di'n't tell us 'oo you are, eh, neville?" said stan, beaming at harry, while ernie's owlish face peered interestedly over stan's shoulder
why had fudge been waiting for him at the leaky cauldron, if not to punish him for what he'd done? and now harry came to think of it, surely it wasn't usual for the minister of magic himself to get involved in matters of underage magic? fudge came back, accompanied by tom the innkeeper
"where's hermione?" "probably getting her owl they made their way back up the crowded street to the magical menagerie
"and stop worrying, crookshanks will be sleeping in my dormitory and scabbers in yours, what's the problem? poor crookshanks, that witch said he'd been in there for ages; no one wanted him
"how're we getting to king's cross tomorrow, dad?" asked fred as they dug into a sumptuous chocolate pudding
"molly, how many times do i have to tell you? they didn't report it in the press because fudge wanted it kept quiet, but fudge went out to azkaban the night black escaped
didn't people always say that dumbledore was the only person lord voldemort had ever been afraid of? surely black, as voldemort's right-hand man, would be just as frightened of him? and then there were these azkaban guards everyone kept talking about
"sorry  d'you know what's going on?  ouch  sorry "hullo, neville," said harry, feeling around in the dark and pulling neville up by his cloak
"w  what?" harry opened his eyes; there were lanterns above him, and the floor was shaking  the hogwarts express was moving again and the lights had come back on
go.' but the dementor didn't move, so lupin muttered something, and a silvery thing shot out of his wand at it, and it turned around and sort of glided away
"i'm fine," he said, "i don't need anything "oh, it's you, is it?" said madam pomfrey, ignoring this and bending down to stare closely at him
terrible things, they are, and the effect they have on people who are already delicate "i'm not delicate!" said harry crossly
had the story of his collapsing in front of the dementor traveled that fast? he and hermione sat down on either side of ron, who had saved them seats
"the grim, my dear, the grim!" cried professor trelawney, who looked shocked that harry hadn't understood
"really, what has got into you all today?" said professor mcgonagall, turning back into herself with a faint pop, and staring around at them all
which should he become, a headless corpse or a flesh-eating slug? i once saw a boggart make that very mistake  tried to frighten two people at once and turned himself into half a slug
"i wonder, could you tell us what sort of clothes your grandmother usually wears?" neville looked startled, but said, "well
how could you make a dementor less frightening? but he didn't want to ask for more time; everyone else was nodding and rolling up their sleeves
she opened her mouth wide and an unearthly sound filled the room, a long, wailing shriek that made the hair on harry's head stand on end  'riddikulus!" shouted seamus
then they saw a silvery-white orb hanging in the air in front of lupin, who said, "riddikulus!" almosi lazily
"crookshanks could smell him, ron, how else d'you think " "that cat's got it in for scabbers!" said ron, 'ignoring the people around him, who were starting to giggle
"the post office, harry! about two hundred owls, all sitting on shelves, all color-coded depending on how fast you want your letter to get there!" "honeydukes has got a new kind of fudge; they were giving out free samples, there's a bit, look " "we think we saw an ogre, honestly, they get all sorts at the three broomsticks " "wish we could have brought you some butterbeer, really warms you up " "what did you do?" said hermione, looking anxious
"what's the holdup here? you can't all have forgotten the password  excuse me, i'm head boy " and then a silence fell over the crowd, from the front first, so that a chill seemed to spread down the corridor
"honestly, am i the only person who's ever bothered to read hogwarts, a history?" said hermione crossly to harry and ron
out on the field with only your team members, it's very exposed, potter " "we've got our first match on saturday!" said harry, outraged
"i've got to train, professor!" professor mcgonagall considered him intently
it was a mark of how much the class loathed snape that they were all glaring at him, because every one of them had called hermione a know-it-all at least once, and ron, who told hermione she was a know-it-all at least twice a week, said loudly, "you asked us a question and she knows the answer! why ask if you don't want to be told?" the class knew instantly he'd gone too far
how on earth was he going to see the snitch in this? the hufflepuffs were approaching from the opposite side of the field, wearing canary-yellow robes
"you notice the lantern dangling from his hand? hops ahead -people follow the light  then " the hinkypunk made a horrible squelching noise against the glass
what did he have to do? he pulled out the map again and saw to his astonishment, that a new ink figure had appeared upon it, labeled harry potter
what if black did know the passage was there? ron, however, cleared his throat significantly, and pointed to a notice pasted on the inside of the sweetshop door
as long as the secret-keeper refused to speak, you-know-who could search the village where lily and james were staying for years and never find them, not even if he had his nose pressed against their sitting room window!" "so black was the potters' secret-keeper?" whispered madam rosmerta
"d'you know what i see and hear every time a dementor gets too near me?" ron and hermione shook their heads, looking apprehensive
you know what pettigrew's mother got back after black had finished with him? dad told me  the order of merlin, first class, and pettigrew's finger in a box
"he was right in voldemort's inner circle " "say you-know-who, will you?" interjected ron angrily
so they got their cloaks from their dormitories and set off through the portrait hole ("stand and fight, you yellow-bellied mongrels!"), down through the empty castle and out through the oak front doors
"what're you two laughing about?" hermione had just come in, wearing her dressing gown and carrying crookshanks, who was looking very grumpy, with a string of tinsel tied around his neck
"get  him  out  of  here!" ron bellowed as crookshanks's claws ripped his pajamas and scabbers attempted a wild escape over his shoulder
"can't you shut that thing up?" he added to harry as hermione strode out of the room, crookshanks's yellow eyes still fixed maliciously on ron
"but surely you already knew that, sibyll?" said professor mcgonagall, her eyebrows raised
"because i thought  and professor mcgonagall agrees with me  that that broom was probably sent to harry by sirius black!"
"had a good christmas?" he said, and then, without waiting for an answer, he sat down, lowered his voice, and said, "i've been, doing some thinking over christmas, harry
"i said i wonder what's wrong with lupin, and you " "well, isn't it obvious?" said hermione, with a look of maddening superiority
"right, then  ready to try it on a dementor?" "yes," harry said, gripping his wand very tightly, and moving into the middle of the deserted classroom
"expecto patronum! expecto " but the classroom and the dementor were dissolving
"expecto patronum! expecto patronum! " the screaming inside harry's head had started again  except this time, it sounded as though it were coming from a badly tuned radio  softer and louder and softer again  and he could still see the dementor  it had halted  and then a huge, silver shadow came bursting out of the end of harry's wand, to hover between him and the dementor, and though harry's legs felt like water, he was still on his feet  though for how much longer, he wasn't sure  "riddikulus!" roared lupin, springing forward
"how's she doing it?" ron muttered to harry one evening as harry sat finishing a nasty essay on undetectable poisons for snape
"what's under a dementor's hood?" professor lupin lowered his bottle thoughtfully
"seriously?" "seriously," said professor mcgonagall, and she was actually smiling
"get out of here!" ron roared, and he stooped down and seized a stone lying on the grass, but before he could do anything else, crookshanks had vanished with one swish of his long ginger tail
"now, now, penny, no sabotage!" said percy heartily as she examined the firebolt closely
"how did you do that?" squealed angelina johnson as george started throwing peppermint toads into the crowd
"professor, i woke up, and sirius black was standing over me, holding a knife!" professor mcgonagall stared at him
"why, though?" ron added to harry as the group of secondyear girls who had been listening to his chilling tale departed
firs' yeh weren' talking to her because o' the firebolt, now yer not talkin' to her because her cat " " ate scabbers!" ron interjected angrily
"harry!" ron said, stumbling forward and staring hopelessly at the point where harry had disappeared, "you'd better run for it! if malfoy tells anyone  you'd better get back to the castle, quick " "see you later," said harry, and without another word, he tore back down the path toward hogsmeade
"or did he consider the details too unpleasant for precious potter's delicate ears?" harry bit his lip
"you're late, boys!" said professor flitwick reprovingly as harry opened the classroom door
"you don't think malfoy did something to her?" ron said anxiously as they hurried upstairs toward gryffindor tower
"good day to you!" said the familiar, misty voice, and professor trelawney made her usual dramatic entrance out of the shadows
"would anyone like me to help them interpret the shadowy portents within their orb?" she murmured over the clinking of her bangles
"now, really!" said professor trelawney as everyone's heads turned in their direction
but what is it?" harry was prepared to bet everything he owned, including his firebolt, that it wasn't good news, whatever it was
"you cheating scum!" lee jordan was howling into the megaphone, dancing out of professor mcgonagall's reach
"aaaaaaarrrgh!" they scattered as the firebolt zoomed toward them; angelina's way was clear
harry felt two large thumps as fred and george hit them; then angelina's, alicia's, and katie's voices, "we've won the cup! we've won the cup!" tangled together in a many-armed hug, the gryffindor team sank, yelling hoarsely, back to earth
"well?" professor trelawney prompted delicately
he was thinner than ever, large tufts of hair had fallen out leaving wide bald patches, and he writhed in ron's hands as though desperate to free himself "it's okay, scabbers!" said ron
"what's the matter with him?" but harry had just seen  stinking toward them, his body low to the ground, wide yellow eyes glinting eerily in the darkness  crookshanks
"no! that thing's big enough to eat him; we haven't got time " "harry  we're never going to get through without help " another branch whipped down at them, twigs clenched like knuckles
"crookshanks!" hermione whispered uncertainly
"if you want to kill harry, you'll have to kill us too!" he said fiercely, though the effort of standing upright was draining him of still more color, and he swayed slightly as he spoke
"we're up here  sirius black - quick!" black made a startled movement that almost dislodged crookshanks; harry gripped his wand convulsively  do it now! said a voice in his head  but the footsteps were thundering up the stairs and harry still hadn't done it
"youve been helping him all the time!" he was pointing at black, who suddenly crossed to the four-poster bed and sank onto it, his face hidden in one shaking hand
"you might have been wearing your father's old cloak, harry" "how d'you know about the cloak?" "the number of times i saw james disappearing under it
how could scabbers be peter pettigrew? azkaban must have unhinged black after all  but why was lupin playing along with him? then hermione spoke, in a trembling, would-be calm sort of voice, as though trying to will professor lupin to talk sensibly
"why can't it be true?" lupin said calmly, as though they were in class, and hermione had simply spotted a problem in an experiment with grindylows
"so that's why snape doesn't like you," said harry slowly, "because he thought you were in on the joke?" "that's right," sneered a cold voice from the wall behind lupin
"is a schoolboy grudge worth putting an innocent man back inside azkaban?" bang! thin, snakelike cords burst from the end of snape's wand and twisted themselves around lupin's mouth, wrists, and ankles; he overbalanced and fell to the floor, unable to move
"look, scabbers probably had a fight with another rat or something! he's been in my family for ages, right " "twelve years, in fact," said lupin
"sorted things out?" squealed pettigrew, looking wildly about him once more, eyes taking in the boarded windows and, again' the only door
"if voldemort's supporters were after me, it was because i put one of their best men in azkaban  the spy, sirius black!" black's face contorted
"remus!" pettigrew squeaked, turning to lupin instead, writhing imploringly in front of him
"as for you two you'll be staying here until i'm satisfied you're  potter, what do you think you're doing?" harry was sitting up, putting his glasses back on, and picking up his wand
"youve got the wrong man!" "minister, listen, please," hermione said; she had hurried to harry's side and was gazing imploringly into fudge's face
"professor dumbledore, sirius black " "for heaven's sake!" said madam pomfrey hysterically
"you surely don't believe a word of black's story?" snape whispered, his eyes fixed on dumbledore's face
"what  how  hermione, what happened?" "we've gone back in time," hermione whispered, lifting the chain off harry's neck in the darkness
"we need to get nearer to buckbeak!" they crept through the trees until they saw the nervous hippogriff, tethered to the fence around hagrid's pumpkin patch
"hermione," said harry suddenly, "what if we  we just run in there and grab pettigrew " "no!" said hermione in a terrified whisper
"macnair, if buckbeak has indeed been stolen, do you really think the thief will have led him away on foot?" said dumbledore, still sounding amused
"we could have modified her memory? but memory charms can be broken by a powerful wizard, as i proved when i questioned her
"what's that you're calling me?" said frank defiantly, for now that he was inside the room, now that the time had come for some sort of action, he felt braver; it had always been so in the war
him! harry took his face out of his hands, opened his eyes, and stared around his bedroom as though expecting to see something unusual there
was he half expecting to hear the creak of a stair or the swish of a cloak? and then he jumped slightly as he heard his cousin dudley give a tremendous grunting snore from the next room
write to professor dumbledore! and i'll go and check common magical ailments and afflictions
who would be writing to uncle vernon about him? who did he know who sent letters by the postman? uncle vernon glared at harry, then looked down at the letter and began to read aloud: dear mr. and mrs. dursley, we have never been introduced, but i am sure you have heard a great deal from harry about my son ron
"you're - you're writing to him, are you?" said uncle vernon, in a would-be calm voice -but harry had seen the pupils of his tiny eyes contract with sudden fear
"i feel really full, don't you?" laughing at the astonished look on dudley's face, harry took the stairs three at a time, and hurled himself back into his bedroom
but mr. weasley had borrowed a ministry of magic car last year; possibly he would do the same today? "i think so," said harry
"how're you doing, harry?" said the nearer of the two, grinning at him and holding out a large hand, which harry shook, feeling calluses and blisters under his fingers
"that sort of behavior seriously undermines wizard-muggle relations! i spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment of muggles, and my own sons "we didn't give it to him because he's a muggle!" said fred indignantly
"percy's enjoying work, then?" said harry, sitting down on one of the beds and watching the chudley cannons zooming in and out of the posters on the ceiling
"well, they're apparating, aren't they?" said mrs. weasley, heaving the large pot over to the table and starting to ladle porridge into bowls
"we told you to destroy them!" said mrs. weasley furiously, holding up what were unmistakably more ton-tongue toffees
and i think you know his son, cedric?" cedric diggory was an extremely handsome boy of around seventeen
so this is a five?" "a twenty," harry corrected him in an undertone, uncomfortably aware of mr. roberts trying to catch every word
"why can't we just -" "ron, anti-muggle security!" said mr. weasley, his face shining with anticipation
"viktor krum, the bulgarian seeker!" "he looks really grumpy," said hermione, looking around at the many krums blinking and scowling at them
"ah, excellent, lunch!" they were halfway through their plates of eggs and sausages when mr. weasley jumped to his feet, waving and grinning at a man who was striding toward them
"fancy a flutter on the match, arthur?" he said eagerly, jingling what seemed to be a large amount of gold in the pockets of his yellow-and-black robes
"mr. crouch?" said percy, suddenly abandoning his look of poker-stiff disapproval and positively writhing with excitement
"wow, look at these!" said harry, hurrying over to a cart piled high with what looked like brass binoculars, except that they were covered with all sorts of weird knobs and dials
"what did you have to sell to get seats in the top box? surely your house wouldn't have fetched this much?" fudge, who wasn't listening, said, "lucius has just given a very generous contribution to st. mungo's hospital for magical maladies and injuries, arthur
the bulgarian national team mascots!" the right-hand side of the stands, which was a solid block of scarlet, roared its approval
something like golden rain seemed to be falling from it - "excellent!" yelled ron as the shamrock soared over them, and heavy gold coins rained from it, bouncing off their heads and seats
harry followed their descent through his omnioculars, squinting to see where the snitch was - "they're going to crash!" screamed hermione next to harry
"and you've been letting me mime everything all day!" "veil, it vos very funny," said the bulgarian minister, shrugging
how much?" for fred and george had just scrambled over the backs of their seats and were standing in front of ludo bagman with broad grins on their faces, their hands outstretched
i'll come and fetch you when we've sorted this out!" bill, charlie, and percy were already sprinting away toward the oncoming marchers; mr. weasley tore after them
if they were, i wouldn't be likely to tell you, would i, potter?" "oh come on," said hermione, with a disgusted look at malfoy, "let's go and find the others
he turned to tell ron this, but ron's face had gone oddly slack, and next second ron was yelling, "did i tell you i've invented a broomstick that'll reach jupiter?" "honestly!" said hermione, and she and harry grabbed ron firmly by the arms, wheeled him around, and marched him away
"stupefy!" roared twenty voices - there was a blinding series of flashes and harry felt the hair on his head ripple as though a powerful wind had swept the clearing
and as the wand caught the green light that was filling the clearing from the skull above, harry recognized it "hey - that's mine!" he said everyone in the clearing looked at him
"where exactly did you find harry's wand?" winky was twisting the hem of her tea towel so violently that it was fraying beneath her fingers
"your elf's scared of heights, and those wizards in masks were levitating people! you can't blame her for wanting to get out of their way!" mr. crouch took a step backward, freeing himself from contact with the elf, whom he was surveying as though she were something filthy and rotten that was contaminating his over-shined shoes
"dad, why was everyone so uptight about that skull thing?" "i'll explain everything back at the tent," said mr. weasley tensely
said hermione slowly, "were they doing it to show support for the death eaters, or to scare them away?" "your guess is as good as ours, hermione," said mr. weasley
"why are they all sending howlers?" asked ginny, who was mending her copy of one thousand magical herbs and fungi with spellotape on the rug in front of the living room fire
"why is everything i own rubbish?" said ron furiously, striding across the room to unstick pigwidgeon's beak
arthur, you've got to get over there " "here!" said mrs. weasley breathlessly, pushing a piece of parchment, a bottle of ink, and a crumpled quill into mr. weasley's hands
"durmstrang's got to be about the same size as hogwarts  how are you going to hide a great big castle?" "but hogwarts is hidden," said hermione, in surprise
"so durmstrang'll just look like a ruin to an outsider too?" "maybe," said hermione, shrugging, "or it might have muggle-repelling charms on it, like the world cup stadium
"we don't want to break our winning streak, do we?" gryffindor had won the inter-house championship for the last three years in a row
"we're seventeen in april, why can't we have a shot?" "they're not stopping me entering," said fred stubbornly, also scowling at the top table
"what is the point of them?" hagrid opened his mouth, apparently thinking hard; there was a few seconds' pause, then he said roughly, "tha's next lesson, malfoy
"eurgh, hagrid, what's that pointy thing on it?" "ah, some of 'em have got stings," said hagrid enthusiastically (lavender quickly withdrew her hand from the box)
"i don't think so!" roared moody, pointing his wand at the ferret again - it flew ten feet into the air, fell with a smack to the floor, and then bounced upward once more
"what - what are you doing?" said professor mcgonagall, her eyes following the bouncing ferret's progress through the air
"moody, we never use transfiguration as a punishment!" said professor mcgonagall wealdy
he then pointed his wand at it and muttered, "imperio!" the spider leapt from moody's hand on a fine thread of silk and began to swing backward and forward as though on a trapeze
"wouldn't moody and dumbledore be in trouble with the ministry if they knew we'd seen the curses?" harry asked as they approached the fat lady
i might remind you that your pincushion, thomas, still curls up in fright if anyone approaches it with a pin!" hermione, who had turned rather pink again, seemed to be trying not to look too pleased with herself
"thought any more about trying to enter?" "i asked mcgonagall how the champions are chosen but she wasn't telling," said george bitterly
i mean, they're not native birds, are they?" harry rolled up the letter and slipped it inside his robes, wondering whether he felt more or less worried than before
"will you please inform zis 'agrid zat ze 'orses drink only single-malt whiskey?" "it will be attended to," said dumbledore, also bowing
at that moment, a voice said, "excuse me, are you wanting ze bouillabaisse?" it was the girl from beauxbatons who had laughed during dumbledore's speech
"we can't have a slytherin champion!" "and all the hufflepuffs are talking about diggory," said seamus contemptuously
"what d'you reckon'll happen to the ones who aren't chosen?" ron muttered to harry as the veela-girl dropped her parchment into the goblet of fire
"it's in their nature ter look after humans, that's what they like, see? yeh'd be makin' 'em unhappy ter take away their work, an' insutin' 'em if yeh tried ter pay 'em
"the champion for beauxbatons," said dumbledore, "is fleur delacour!" "it's her, ron!" harry shouted as the girl who so resembled a veela got gracefully to her feet, shook back her sheet of silvery blonde hair, and swept up between the ravenclaw and hufflepuff tables
"extraordinary!" he muttered, squeezing harry's arm
"may i introduce - incredible though it may seem - the fourth triwizard champion?" viktor krum straightened up
"did you ask an older student to put it into the goblet of fire for you?" said professor dumbledore, ignoring snape
"dumbledore, you know perfectly well you did not make a mistake!" said professor mcgonagall angrily
"you should've told us you'd entered!" bellowed fred; he looked half annoyed, half deeply impressed
badges - then he saw that they all bore the same message, in luminous red letters that burnt brightly in the dimly lit underground passage: support cedric diggory the real hogwarts champion! "like them, potter?" said malfoy loudly as harry approached
"antidotes!" said snape, looking around at them all, his cold black eyes glittering unpleasantly
what made you decide to enter the triwizard tournament?" "er -" said harry again, but he was distracted by the quill
"mademoiselle delacour, could we have you first, please?" said mr. ollivander, stepping into the empty space in the middle of the room
avis!" the hornbeam wand let off a blast hike a gun, and a number of small, twittering birds flew out of the end and through the open window into the watery sunlight
"they only like him because he's famous! they wouldn't look twice at him if he couldn't do that wonkyfaint thing -" "wronski feint," said harry, through gritted teeth
nearby, on a table, the support cedric diggory! badges the creeveys had been trying to improve were glinting in the firelight
"harry, you'll be late, the bell's about to ring -" "i'll catch you up, okay?" by the time harry reached the bottom of the marble staircase, cedric was at the top
had he overheard them? "er - professor, i'm supposed to be in herbology -" "never mind that, potter
what if moody wanted to know how he'd found out about the dragons? would moody go to dumbledore and tell on hagrid, or just turn harry into a ferret? well, it might be easier to get past a dragon if he were a ferret, harry thought dully, he'd be smaller, much less easy to see from a height of fifty feet
"clever move - pity it didn't work!" and then, after about fifteen minutes, harry heard the deafening roar that could mean only one thing: cedric had gotten past his dragon and captured the golden egg
"that's some nerve he's showing - and - yes, he's got the egg!" applause shattered the wintery air like breaking glass; krum had finished - it would be harry's turn any moment
she bustled out of the tent and he heard her go next door and say, "how does it feel now, diggory?" harry didn't want to sit still: he was too full of adrenaline
hagrid was soon yelling, "don panic, now, don' panic!" while the skrewts rampaged around the pumpkin patch, now strewn with the smoldering wreckage of the boxes
dobby likes being free!" the hogwarts house-elves had now started edging away from dobby, as though he were carrying something contagious
we've seen him, you know -" "you is seeing my master?" said winky breathlessly, raising her tearstained face out of her skirt once more and goggling at hermione
"mr. bagman comes too?" squeaked winky, and to harry 's great surprise (and ron's and hermione's too, by the looks on their faces), she looked angry again
"all these years i've been really impressed with fred and george, nicking food from the kitchens - well, it's not exactly difficult, is it? they can't wait to give it away!" "i think this is the best thing that could have happened to those elves, you know," said hermione, leading the way back up the marble staircase
the other elves will see how happy he is, being free, and slowly it'll dawn on them that they want that too!" "let's hope they don't look too closely at winky," said harry
professor mcgonagall waited until the rest of the class had gone, and then said, "potter, the champions and their partners -" "what partners?" said harry
"they only like him because he's famous!" harry doubted very much if any of the girls who had asked to be his partner so far would have wanted to go to the ball with him if he hadn't been a school champion
"twitchy little ferret, aren't you, malfoy?" said hermione scathingly, and she, harry, and ron went up the marble staircase laughing heartily
he said, his eyes widening, having pulled both socks up to their highest extent, so that they reached to the bottom of his shorts, "they has made a mistake in the shop, harry potter, they is giving you two the same!" "ah, no, harry, how come you didn't spot that?" said ron, grinning over from his own bed, which was now strewn with wrapping paper
"dobby must go now, sir, we is already making christmas dinner in the kitchens!" said dobby, and he hurried out of the dormitory, waving good-bye to ron and the others as he passed
"what, you need three hours?" said ron, looking at her incredulously and paying for his lapse in concentration when a large snowball, thrown by george, hit him hard on the side of the head
dumbledore, however, looked carefully down at his own menu, then said very clearly to his plate, "pork chops!" and pork chops appeared
but in summer ve are flying every day, over the lakes and the mountains -" "now, now, viktor!" said karkaroff with a laugh that didn't reach his cold eyes, "don't go giving away anything else, now, or your charming friend will know exactly where to find us!" dumbledore smiled, his eyes twinkling
"well, dumbledore," said karkaroff, displaying his yellowing teeth to their fullest extent, "we are all protective of our private domains, are we not? do we not jealously guard the halls of learning that have been entrusted to us? are we not right to be proud that we alone know our school's secrets, and right to protect them?" "oh i would never dream of assuming i know all hogwarts' secrets, igor," said dumbledore amicably
"i s'pose he asked you to come with him while you were both in the library?" "yes, he did," said hermione, the pink patches on her cheeks glowing more brightly
"this whole tournament's supposed to be about getting to know foreign wizards and making friends with them!" said hermione hotly
"made friends with viktor krum, have you, ron?" percy had bustled over, rubbing his hands together and looking extremely pompous
"excellent! that's the whole point, you know - international magical cooperation!" to harry's displeasure, percy now took padma's vacated seat
"so what?" he knew immediately, from the look ron was giving him, that he was once again revealing his ignorance of the wizarding world
"well, if you don't like it, you know what the solution is, don't you?" yelled hermione; her hair was coming down out of its elegant bun now, and her face was screwed up in anger
"he never even told us, did he? i reckon she was so mad he wouldn't give her loads of horrible stuff about me, she went ferreting around to get him back
"look!" she pointed into the mirror behind the bar, and harry saw ludo bagman reflected there, sitting in a shadowy corner with a bunch of goblins
"in a moment, in a moment!" harry heard him say brusquely to the goblins, and bagman hurried through the pub toward harry, his boyish grin back in place
"well, i don't think dumbledore would like it if he knew bagman was trying to persuade you to cheat!" said hermione, still looking deeply disapproving
haven't you been listening to what professor binns has been telling us about goblin rebellions?" "no," said harry and ron together
would you call him a father substitute?" hermione stood up very abruptly, her butterbeer clutched in her hand as though it were a grenade
"yeh know wha, harry?" he said, looking up from the photograph of his father, his eyes very bright, "when i firs' met you, you reminded me o' me a bit
harry said, "well, does anything in there have a human voice? hang on -" harry's eyes had fallen on the picture of the snoozing mermaid on the wall
"myrtle, there aren't merpeople in there, are there?" "oooh, very good," she said, her thick glasses twinkling, "it took diggory much longer than that! and that was with her awake too" - myrtle jerked her head toward the mermaid with an expression of great dislike on her glum face - "giggling and showing off and flashing her fins
olive hornby came into the bathroom - are you in here again, sulking, myrtle?' she said, 'because professor dippet asked me to look for you -' and then she saw my body
and, almost immediately -" peeves!" it was the unmistakable hunting cry of filch the caretaker
sick with apprehension, he watched filch drawing nearer and nearer in his old flannel dressing gown - he tried desperately to pull his trapped leg free, but it merely sank a few more inches - any second now, filch was going to spot the map or walk right into him -" filch? whats going on?" filch stopped a few steps below harry and turned
as snape and filch both turned to look at it, harry threw caution to the winds; he raised his arms under the cloak and waved furiously at moody to attract his attention, mouthing "it's mine! mine!" snape had reached out for it, a horrible expression of dawning comprehension on his face -" accio parchment!" the map flew up into the air, slipped through snapes outstretched fingers, and soared down the stairs into moodys hand
"potter!" snape snarled, and he actually turned his head and stared right at the place where harry was, as though he could suddenly see him
"professor moody, this is evidence of peeves' treachery!" "it's the property of the champion he stole it from," said moody
"i just need to - sort of fine-tune it, all right?" he, ron, and hermione were sitting at the very back of the charms class with a table to themselves
"come on!" harry said fiercely (but only bubbles issued from his mouth), and he tried to pull the spear away from the merman, but the merman yanked it back, still shaking his head and laughing
"you might find something to interest you in there, granger!" pansy said loudly, and she threw the magazine at hermione, who caught it, looking startled
"are you saying you reckon ludo bagman conjured the dark mark?" "it's more likely he did it than winky," said hermione stubbornly
"crouch used to be head of the department of magical law enforcement, didn't you know?" harry, ron, and hermione shook their heads
"thank you for the socks, harry potter!" dobby called miserably from the hearth, where he was standing next to the lumpy tablecloth that was winky
should be fun, eh?" harry, who knew only too well the kind of creatures that hagrid was likely to provide for an event like this, thought it was unlikely to be any fun at all
potter?" harry could tell snape was thoroughly enjoying himself, denying harry the thing he wanted when he was so panicky
"apologize!" hagrid snarled as karkaroff gasped for breath, hagrid's massive fist at his throat, his feet dangling in midair
how had dumbledore known that, at that very moment, he had been thinking about sending pigwidgeon straight to sirius, to tell him what had happened? "i'll leave fang with yeh
"unless crouch was already outside the grounds," said ron, "because it only shows up to the boundaries, doesn't -" "shh!" said hermione suddenly
"there are other ways he could have disappeared, aren't there, professor?" moody's magical eye quivered as it rested on hermione
broke your way through a series of obstacles guarding the sorcerers stone in your first year, didn't you?" "we helped," ron said quickly
"you two," counseled moody, his normal eye on ron and hermione, "you stick close to potter, all right? i'm keeping an eye on things, but all the same
sirius "who's he, to lecture me about being out-of-bounds?" said harry in mild indignation as he folded up sirius's letter and put it inside his robes
"of course he isn't!" said professor trelawney, looking thoroughly excited
"well, i'll reserve judgment until after i've seen the place where he was found, but you say it was just past the beauxbatons carriage? dumbledore, you know what that woman is?" "i consider her to be a very able headmistress - and an excellent dancer," said dumbledore quietly
"augustus rookwood of the department of mysteries?" "the very same," said karkaroff eagerly
"very well, karkaroff, if that is all, you will be returned to azkaban while we decide -" "not yet!" cried karkaroff, looking quite desperate
"d'you - d'you know why my scar's hurting me?" dumbledore looked very intently at harry for a moment, and then said, "i have a theory, no more than that
dumbledore reckons you-know-who's getting stronger again as well?" ron whispered
"but the task's not till tonight!" said harry, accidentally spilling scrambled eggs down his front, afraid he had mistaken the time
"didn't bother to correct her, though, did he?" said amos diggory, loudly enough for harry to hear as he started to walk out of the door with mrs. weasley and bill
harry looked between them, then said, "mrs. weasley, you didn't believe that rubbish rita skeeter wrote in witch weekly, did you? because hermione's not my girlfriend
"if you get into difficulty, and wish to be rescued, send red sparks into the air, and one of us will come and get you, do you understand?" the champions nodded
"ladies and gentlemen, the third and final task of the triwizard tournament is about to begin! let me remind you how the points currently stand! tied in first place, with eighty-five points each - mr. cedric diggory and mr. harry potter, both of hogwarts school!" the cheers and applause sent birds from the forbidden forest fluttering into the darkening sky
"impedimenta!" the skrewt was inches from him when it froze - he had managed to hit it on its fleshy, shell-less underside
next, tell me what's always the last thing to mend, the middle of middle and end of the end? and finally give me the sound often heard during the search for a hard-to-find word
without pausing to think, he aimed high at the spider's underbelly, as he had done with the skrewt, and shouted "stupefy!''just as cedric yelled the same thing
? and then, suddenly, the sparks emanating from the cauldron were extinguished
destroying dangerous beasts for the ministry of magic now, wormtail tells me? you shall have better victims than that soon, macnair
"but his journey back to me was not smooth, was it, wormtail? for, hungry one night, on the edge of the very forest where he had hoped to find me, he foolishly stopped at an inn for some food
"don't let him get you, harry - don't let go!" she and the other two shadowy figures began to pace around the inner walls of the golden web, while the death eaters flitted around the outside of it
"what has happened?" said dumbledore sharply, looking from fudge to professor mcgonagall
"he was a raving lunatic! from what minerva and severus have told me, he seems to have thought he was doing it all on you-know-who's instructions!" "lord voldemort was giving him instructions, cornelius," dumbledore said
the first and most essential step is to remove azkaban from the control of the dementors -" "preposterous!" shouted fudge again
"what is he doing here?" "he is here at my invitation," said dumbledore, looking between them, "as are you, severus
was dumbledore so convinced that snape was truly on their side? he had been their spy, dumbledore had said so in the pensieve
'did you hear that car backfire just now? gave petunia and me quite a turn!' he continued to grin in a horrible, manic way until all the curious neighbours had disappeared from their various windows, then the grin became a grimace of rage as he beckoned harry back towards him
was it possible that dobby was here in privet drive? could dobby be following him right at this very moment? as this thought occurred he wheeled around and stared back down privet drive, but it appeared to be completely deserted and harry was sure that dobby did not know how to become invisible
' 'how d'you know they haven't changed the rules, big d?' they haven't,' said dudley, though he didn't sound completely convinced
'you moron, dudley!' harry yelled, his eyes watering with pain as he scrambled to his hands and knees, feeling around frantically n the blackness
'of course i know dumbledore, who doesn't know dumbledore? but come on - i'll be no help if they come back, i've never so much as transfigured a teabag
'dementors, you useless, skiving sneak thief!' 'dementors?' repeated mundungus, aghast
'dementors attacking the boy on your watch!' 'blimey,' said mundungus weakly, looking from mrs figg to harry, and back again
'now come on, harry, what are you waiting for?' harry decided not to waste his remaining breath on pointing out that he could barely walk under dudley's bulk
'owls!' bellowed uncle vernon, the well-worn vein in his temple pulsing angrily as he slammed the kitchen window shut
'people like you in government? oh, this explains everything, everything, no wonder the country's going to the dogs
' 'aha!' roared uncle vernon, slamming his fist down on top of the fridge, which sprang open; several of dudley's low-fat snacks toppled out and burst on the floor
'yeah, i did, but i didn't use - ' harry began angrily, but - ' 'shut up!' roared uncle vernon and aunt petunia in unison
'fought 'em off, did you, son?' said uncle vernon loudly, with the appearance of a man struggling to bring the conversation back on to a plane he understood
'bet you wouldn't mind hiding that scar sometimes, eh?' her eyes found the lightning-shaped scar on harry's forehead
give it another quarter of a mile!' harry's eyes watered in the chill as they soared upwards: he could see nothing below now but tiny pinpricks of light that were car headlights and streetlamps
'you're absolutely right, harry - i'd be furious if it was me!' harry glared at her, still breathing deeply, then turned away from them again, pacing up and down
'is anyone going to bother telling me what the order of the phoenix - ?' 'it's a secret society,' said hermione quickly 'dumbledore's in charge, he founded it
'stop doing that!' hermione said weakly to the twins, who were as vividly red-haired as ron, though stockier and slightly shorter
'why not?' 'because every time percy's name's mentioned, dad breaks whatever he's holding and mum starts crying,' fred said
'mad-eye didn't make you come via greenland, then?' 'he tried,' said tonks, striding over to help bill and immediately toppling a candle on to the last piece of parchment
'for the last time, mundungus,' called mrs weasley, 'will you please not smoke that thing in the kitchen, especially not when we're about to eat!' 'ah,' said mundungus
'bill didn't feel the need to apparate every few feet! charlie didn't charm everything he met! percy - ' she stopped dead, catching her breath with a frightened look at her husband, whose expression was suddenly wooden
and then,' choked mundungus, tears running down his face, 'and then, if you'll believe it, 'e says to me, 'e says, ' "ere, dung, where didja get all them toads from? 'cos some son of a sludger's gone and nicked all mine!" and i says, "nicked all your toads, will, what next? so you'll be wanting some more, then?" and if you'll believe me, lads, the gormless gargoyle buys all 'is own toads back orf me for a lot more'n what 'e paid in the first place - ' 'i don't think we need to hear any more of your business dealings, thank you very much, mundungus,' said mrs weasley sharply, as ron slumped forwards on to the table, howling with laughter
'how?' 'well, the main thing is to try and convince as many people as possible that you-know-who really has returned, to put them on their guard,' said bill
' 'but if voldemort's trying to recruit more death eaters it's bound to get out that he's come back, isn't it?' asked harry desperately
' 'a regurgitating toilet?' 'anti-muggle pranksters,' said mr weasley, frowning
'quick, harry, we should have been there five minutes ago!' perkins flattened himself against the filing cabinets as mr weasley left the office at a run, harry close on his heels
'why have they changed the time?' harry said breathlessly, as they hurtled past the auror cubicles; people poked out their heads and stared as they streaked past
'i've no idea, but thank goodness we got here so early, if you'd missed it, it would have been catastrophic!' mr weasley skidded to a halt beside the lifts and jabbed impatiently at the 'down' button
'dementors?' said madam bones after a moment, her thick eyebrows rising until her monocle looked in danger of falling out
muggles can't see dementors, can they, boy? highly convenient, highly convenient
should i - ?' 'no - weasley, you go,' fudge barked at percy, who got up at once, ran down the stone steps from the judge's balcony and hurried past dumbledore and harry without glancing at them
'and who exactly are you?' said fudge, in a bored and lofty voice 'i'm a resident of little whinging, close to where harry potter lives,' said mrs figg
' 'but dementors wandering into a muggle suburb and just happening to come across a wizard?' snorted fudge
' 'it is not for you to decide what the ministry of magic does or does not do, dumbledore!' snapped fudge, now a shade of magenta of which uncle vernon would have been proud
'have you ever bothered to tot up the number of cock-and-bull stories this boy has come out with, dumbledore, while trying to cover up his flagrant misuse of magic out of school? i suppose you've forgotten the hover charm he used three years ago - ' 'that wasn't me, it was a house-elf!' said harry
'you see?' roared fudge, gesturing flamboyantly in harry's direction
'don't you go feeling guilty!' said hermione sternly, after harry had confided some of his feelings to her and ron while they scrubbed out a mouldy cupboard on the third floor a few days later
'd'you know how much mould we've got rid of since we arrived here?' 'you were so keen to help the order,' said mrs weasley, 'you can do your bit by making headquarters fit to live in
'wait until your father hears! ron, i'm so proud of you, what wonderful news, you could end up head boy just like bill and percy, it's the first step! oh, what a thing to happen in the middle of all this worry, i'm just thrilled, oh, ronnie - ' fred and george were both making loud retching noises behind her back but mrs weasley did not notice; arms tight around ron's neck, she was kissing him all over his face, which had turned a brighter scarlet than his badge
'how about a nice new set of dress robes?' 'we've already bought him some,' said fred sourly, who looked as though he sincerely regretted this generosity
well, we'd better get our trunks packed, hadn't we?' it was odd how widely their possessions seemed to have scattered themselves since they had arrived
to ron and hermione, the new gryffindor prefects!' ron and hermione beamed as everyone drank to them, and then applauded
' for one brief moment, the great black dog reared on to its hind legs and placed its front paws on harry's shoulders, but mrs weasley shoved harry away towards the train door, hissing, 'for heaven's sake, act more like a dog, sirius!' 'see you!' harry called out of the open window as the train began to move, while ron, hermione and ginny waved beside him
the cartoon was captioned: how far will fudge go to gain gringotts? beneath this were listed the titles of other articles inside the magazine
'but where is he, then?' there was a pause, then harry said very quietly, so that neville, parvati and lavender could not hear, 'maybe he's not back yet
'well done, ron,' snapped hermione 'what?' said ron indignantly, having managed, finally, to swallow his food
'i am very much looking forward to getting to know you all and i'm sure we'll be very good friends!' students exchanged looks at this; some of them were barely concealing grins
we can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust - " ' 'how do you remember stuff like that?' asked ron, looking at her in admiration
what are you still getting that for?' said harry irritably, thinking of seamus as hermione placed a knut in the leather pouch on the owl's leg and it took off again
' 'd'you know what you want to do after hogwarts?' harry asked the other two, as they left the great hall shortly afterwards and set off towards their history of magic classroom
'you got that stuff off, then?' 'yeah,' said harry, trying to grin as though the memory of their last meeting was funny as opposed to mortifying
'potter, what is this supposed to be?' the slytherins at the front of the class all looked up eagerly; they loved hearing snape taunt harry
good afternoon, class!' 'good afternoon, professor umbridge,' they chanted back at her
so: has everyone got a copy of defensive magical theory by wilbert slinkhard?' 'yes, professor umbridge,' rang through the room
'surely the whole point of defence against the dark arts is to practise defensive spells?' 'are you a ministry-trained educational expert, miss granger?' asked professor umbridge, in her falsely sweet voice
'why, it's potty wee potter!' cackled peeves, allowing two of the inkwells to fall to the ground where they smashed and spattered the walls with ink; harry jumped backwards out of the way with a snarl
'but, professor, couldn't you - ?' 'no, i couldn't,' said professor mcgonagall flatly
'what d'you mean, you're not sure they believed dumbledore?' harry asked hermione when they reached the first-floor landing
did malfoy know something? his father was a death eater after all; what if he had information about hagrid's fate that had not yet reached the ears of the order? he hurried back around the table to ron and hermione who were squatting on the grass some distance away and attempting to persuade a bowtruckle to remain still long enough for them to draw it
' 'ouch!' harry had gripped the bowtruckle so hard that it had almost snapped, and it had just taken a great retaliatory swipe at his hand with its sharp fingers, leaving two long deep cuts there
' 'what d'you reckon are the odds of umbridge letting you off on friday?' said ron sceptically, as they sat down at the gryffindor table
'how many times?' harry asked, with a creditable imitation of politeness
'yeah, so do - harry, what's that on the back of your hand?' harry, who had just scratched his nose with his free right hand, tried to hide it, but had as much success as ron with his cleansweep
then hermione said, 'but last year your scar hurt when nobody was touching you, and didn't dumbledore say it had to do with what you-know-who was feeling at the time? i mean, maybe this hasn't got anything to do with umbridge at all, maybe it's just coincidence it happened while you were with her?' 'she's evil,' said harry flatly
' there was a pause and he added, in a slightly more anxious tone, 'd'you think she meant it when she said we weren't copying from her?' 'yeah, i do,' said harry
'why would anyone put a flying charm on a mouldy old log like that?' crabbe, goyle and pansy parkinson guffawed and shrieked with laughter
'why would anyone want to look like they've got worms coming out of their head?' angelina swept her long braided hair out of her face and continued calmly, 'spread out, then, and let's see what we can do
'sure you don't need a lie down? it must be, what, a whole week since you were in the hospital wing, that's a record for you, isn't it?' george passed to angelina; she reverse-passed to harry, who had not been expecting it, but caught it in the very tips of his fingers and passed it quickly to ron, who lunged for it and missed by inches
'either stay in centre position until you have to move to defend a hoop, or else circle the hoops, but don't drift vaguely off to one side, that's how you let in the last three goals!' 'sorry
'how was practice?' asked hermione rather coolly half an hour later, as harry and ron climbed through the portrait hole into the gryffindor common room
'no one,' said hermione, looking taken aback, 'i thought - ' 'you thought i was bound to be rubbish?' 'no, of course i didn't! look, you said it was lousy so i just - ' 'i'm going to get started on some homework,' said ron angrily and stomped off to the staircase to the boys' dormitories and vanished from sight
'what's percy writing to me for?' he crossed to the window and opened it; hermes flew inside, landed on ron's essay and held out a leg to which a letter was attached
'of course, a lot can happen between now and the exam, we've got plenty of time to improve, but the grades we're getting now are a sort of baseline, aren't they? something we can build on
"you received my note, i trust? giving the time and date of your inspection?' professor trelawney nodded curtly and, looking very disgruntled, turned her back on professor umbridge and continued to give out books
i am afraid that you are in grave danger!' professor trelawney finished dramatically
'no, not another word of complaint, potter! and as for you, miss johnson, you will confine your shouting matches to the quidditch pitch in future or risk losing the team captaincy!' professor mcgonagall strode back towards the staff table
'yes?' said professor mcgonagall, turning round, her eyebrows so close together they seemed to form one long, severe line
'i know what went on, all right? and i didn't get through any of that because i was brilliant at defence against the dark arts, i got through it all because - because help came at the right time, or because i guessed right - but i just blundered through it all, i didn't have a clue what i was doing - 'stop laughing!' the bowl of murtlap essence fell to the floor and smashed
' 'no,' said harry drily, 'especially as it's not exactly a homework group you're planning, is it?' the barman sidled towards them out of a back room
'if you want to join us, we need to decide how we're going to - 'where's the proof you-know-who's back?' said the blond hufflepuff player in a rather aggressive voice
'a corporeal patronus?' the phrase stirred something in harry's memory
'no,' said harry, 'no, ok, i know i did bits of it without help, but the point i'm trying to make is - ' 'are you trying to weasel out of showing us any of this stuff?' said zacharias smith
'here's an idea,' said ron loudly, before harry could speak, 'why don't you shut your mouth?' perhaps the word 'weasel' had affected ron particularly strongly
'would you like us to clean out you: ears for you?' enquired greorge, pulling a long and lethal-looking metal instrument from inside one of the zonko's bags
'she's going out with - my sister's going - what d'you mean, michael corner?' 'well, that's why he and his friends came, i think - well, they're obviously interested in learning defence, but if ginny hadn't told michael what was going on - ' 'when did this - when did she -?' 'they met at the yule ball and got together at the end of last year,' said hermione composedly
'but, said ron, following hermione along a row of quills in copper pots, 'i thought ginny fancied harry!' hermione looked at him rather pityingly and shook her head
it was as though boiling water was rising rapidly inside him; a burning sensation that was causing his face to smart in the cold - had he been that obvious? 'well,' said hermione, smiling slightly, 'she just couldn't keep her eyes off you, could she?' harry had never before appreciated just how beautiful the village of hogsmeade was
'or - i thought that michael corner had a really shifty look, too - ' 'i wonder if hermione's seen this yet?' harry said, looking round at the door to the girls' dormitories
harry could not understand it; they had just had breakfast, why on earth hadn't she delivered the letter then, as usual? many of his classmates were pointing out hedwig to each other, too
'you haven't been given another detention!' she said at once, her square spectacles flashing alarmingly
professor mcgonagall, however, looked sharply at harry and said, 'do you know how far this owl's travelled, potter?' 'er,' said harry
'just a moment, wilhelmina!' said professor mcgonagall
'help me!' harry flung at ron, managing to get an arm around neville's neck and dragging him backwards, away from the slytherins
'salamander blood, harry!' hermione moaned, grabbing his wrist to prevent him adding the wrong ingredient for the third time, 'not pomegranate juice!' 'right,' said harry vaguely, putting down the bottle and continuing to watch the corner
'and you have applied regularly for the defence against the dark arts post since you first joined the school, i believe?' 'yes,' said snape quietly, barely moving his lips
'hark who's talking, you walked oui of divination, you hate trelawney!' said ron indignantly
but no, there is nothing wrong, certainly not!' she took a great shuddering breath and looked away from parvati, angry tears spilling from under her glasses
'kindly continue with your work!' and she spent the rest of the lesson striding among them, tears still leaking from behind her glasses, muttering what sounded like threats under her breath
'no quidditch practice, and extra potions?' harry slumped down into a chair, dragged his potions essay reluctantly from his bag and set to work
' harry pointed his wand at the bullfrog that had been hopping hopefully towards the other side of the table - 'accio!' - and it zoomed gloomily back into his hand
'let's get this straight,' said harry angrily, as they put their bags back on the floor, 'sirius agrees with us, so you don't think we should do it any more?' hermione looked tense and rather miserable
' looking scared, ron strode across to the window and stared out into the rain, 'he - he can't be near us now, can he?' 'no,' harry muttered, sinking on to a bench and rubbing his forehead
get a vision, or something?' harry sat quite still, staring at his feet, allowing his mind and his memory to relax in the aftermath of the pain
'name it, harry potter, sir!' 'i need to find a place where twenty-eight people can practise defence against the dark arts without being discovered by any of the teachers
'harry, this is wonderful, there's everything we need here!' and without further ado she slid jinxes for the jinxed from its shelf, sank on to the nearest cushion and began to read
so - 'everyone who thinks harry ought to be our leader?' everybody put up their hand, even zacharias smith, though he did it very half-heartedly
i know it's pretty basic but i've found it really useful - ' 'oh, please,' said zacharias smith, rolling his eyes and folding his arms. 'i don't think expelliarmus is exactly going to help us against you-know-who, do you?' 'i've used it against him,' said harry quietly
'well - i thought it was a good idea,' she said uncertainly, 'i mean, even if umbridge asked us to turn out our pockets, there's nothing fishy about carrying a galleon, is there? but
'and it's johnson - 'johnson with the quaffle, what a player that girl is, i've been saying it for years but she still won't go out with me - ' jordan!' yelled professor mcgonagall
'' - and alicia passes back to angelina!' lee shouted, and as harry swerved, his insides boiling at what he had just heard, he knew lee was trying to drown out the words of the song
'may i help, professor mcgonagall?' asked professor umbridge in her most poisonously sweet voice
i do not care what provocation malfoy offered you, i do not care if he insulted every family member you possess, your behaviour was disgusting and i am giving each of you a week's worth of detentions! do not look at me like that, potter, you deserve it! and if either of you ever - ' 'hem, hem
'where do you think he - ?' but at that precise moment, there was a creaking sound behind them as the fat lady swung forwards and ron came clambering through the portrait hole
'but - why couldn't you just grab a portkey or something?' there was an odd expression in hagrid's unobscured eye as he surveyed ron; it was almost pitying
' 'so,' said harry, 'you saw them and then what?' 'well, we waited till morning, didn' want ter go sneakin' up on 'em in the dark, fer our own safety' said hagrid
' 'so macnair's persuaded the giants to join you-know-who?' said hermione desperately
'i haven' bin attacked!' said hagrid emphatically
'get under here!' harry said quickly, seizing the invisibility cloak, he whirled it over himself and hermione while ron tore around the table and dived under the cloak as well
'dolores umbridge?' hagrid said, sounding thoroughly confused
' 'dangerous?' said hagrid, looking genially bemused
put yer hands up, who can see 'em?' immensely pleased to feel that he was at last going to understand the mystery of these horses, harry raised his hand
'what's doing it?' parvati demanded in a terrified voice, retreating behind the nearest tree
oh, it's not fair, that really wasn't a bad lesson at all - i mean, all right, if it had been blast-ended skrewts again, but thestrals are fine - in fact, for hagrid, they're really good!' 'umbridge said they're dangerous,' said ron
he raised his wand and murmured, 'portus!' for a moment the kettle trembled, glowing with an odd blue light; then it quivered to rest, as solidly black as ever
' 'visit my other portrait?' said phineas in a reedy voice, giving a long, fake yawn (his eyes travelling around the room and focusing on harry)
do you understand?' 'arthur weasley, injured, wife and children and harry potter coming to stay,' repeated phineas in a bored voice
there isn't any seer blood in your family, is there?' she enquired curiously, as they sat side by side on a train rattling towards the heart of the city
'no,' said tonks musingly, 'no, i suppose it's not really prophecy you're doing, is it? i mean, you're not seeing the future, you're seeing the present
next!' as the wizard hobbled and pranced sideways out of the way, the weasley party moved forward a few steps and harry read the floor guide:artefact accidents
' 'a werewolf?' whispered mrs weasley, looking alarmed
'no, of course not,' said mr weasley, with a slightly bitter smile, 'the ministry wouldn't want everyone to know a dirty great serpent got - ' 'arthur!' mrs weasley warned him
you know willy turned out to be behind those regurgitating toilets back in the summer? one of his jinxes backfired, the toilet exploded and they found him lying unconscious in the wreckage covered from head to foot in - ' when you say you were "on duty",' fred interrupted in a low voice, 'what were you doing?' 'you heard your father,' whispered mrs weasley, 'we are not discussing this here! go on about willy widdershins, arthur
are you sure you slept this morning? you go upstairs to bed right now and you can have a couple of hours of sleep before dinner, all right?' he nodded; here was a ready-made excuse not to talk to any of the others, which was precisely what he wanted, so when she opened the front door he hurried straight past the trolls-leg umbrella stand, up the stairs and into his and ron's bedroom
has it not occurred to you, my poor puffed-up popinjay, that there might be an excellent reason why the headmaster of hogwarts is not confiding every tiny detail of his plans to you? have you never paused, while feeling hard-done-by, to note that following dumbledore's orders has never yet led you into harm? no. no, like all young people, you are quite sure that you alone feel and think, you alone recognise danger, you alone are the only one clever enough to realise what the dark lord may be planning - ' 'he is planning something to do with me, then?' said harry swiftly
' 'what are you doing here?' harry asked her, pulling open the door as buckbeak resumed his scratching at the straw-strewn floor for any fragments of rat he may have dropped
'look, the others have told me what you overheard last night on the extendable ears - ' 'yeah?' growled harry, his hands deep in his pockets as he watched the snow now falling thickly outside
'you know what sirius said: kreacher knows too much, we can't set him free!' 'it isn't clothes,' said hermione, 'although if i had my way i'd certainly give him something to wear other than that filthy old rag
'and what's that supposed to be?' he asked angrily, as the healer pursued him through six more portraits, shoving the occupants out of the way
' 'tis a most grievous affliction of the skin, young master, that will leave you pockmarked and more gruesome even than you are now - ' 'watch who you're calling gruesome!' said ron, his ears turning red
'why you?' 'i suppose because it is a headmasters privilege to delegate less enjoyable tasks,' said snape silkily
"ere - it's 'any - '!' 'if you shout his name i will curse you into oblivion,' muttered tonks menacingly, now shunting ginny and hermione forwards
i said to ern, i said, 'e didn't seem like a nutter when we met 'im, just goes to siow, dunnit?' he handed over their tickets and continued to gaze, enthralled, at harry
'you are to rid your mind of all emotion every night before sleep; empty it, make it blank and calm, you understand?' 'yes,' said harry, who was barely listening
'has your dad ever mentioned anything about it?' 'i know they call the people who work in there "unspeakables",' said ron, frowning
'and off again!' shouted george, and fred's hand groped for a moment in what seemed to be thin air over his shoulder; then his head reappeared as he swept the pink-feathered hat from it
'how do those hats work, then?' said hermione, distracted from her homework and watching fred and george closely
'so you don't forget!' harry and ron exchanged looks as he reached into his bag, withdrew the planner and opened it tentatively
'don't leave it till later, you big second-rater!' chided the book as harry scribbled down umbridge's homework
' 'you-know-who is?' 'something good's happened,' mumbled harry
'i've heard dad talk about him at home! he was an unspeakable ' - he worked in the department of mysteries!' they looked at each other for a moment, then hermione pulled the newspaper back towards her, closed it, glared for a moment at the pictures of the ten escaped death eaters on the front, then leapt to her feet
'yeh all righ?' 'yeah, i'm fine,' lied harry; but, next to this battered and mournful-looking hagrid, he felt he didn't really have much to complain about
'what kind of fee am i going to get?' 'i don't think daddy exactly pays people to write for the magazine,' said luna dreamily
'ready to tell the public the truth?' 'i suppose,' said harry, watching rita balancing the quick-quotes quill at the ready on the parchment between them
'will you stop acting like a maniac so i can get you out of here!' ron wrenched the hangings apart and harry stared up at him in the moonlight, flat on his back, his scar searing with pain
'he was with rookwood, he's one of the death eaters who escaped from azkaban, remember? rookwood's just told him bode couldn't have done it
'one - two - ' harry did not have time to gather himself together and attempt to clear his mind before snape cried, 'legllimens!' he was hurtling along the corridor towards the department of masteries, past the blank stone walls, past the torches - the plain black door was growing ever larger; he was moving so fast he was going to collide with it, he was feet from it and again he could see that chink of faint blue light - ' the door had flown open! he was through it at last, inside a black-walled, black-floored circular room lit with blue-flamed candles, and there were more doors all around him - he needed to go on - but which door ought he to take - '? 'potter!' harry opened his eyes
but it's never opened before 'you are not working hard enough!' for some reason, snape seemed even angrier than he had done two minutes before, when harry had seen into his teacher's memories
i retuse to accept it!' 'you didn't realise this was coming?' said a high girlish voice, sounding callously amused, and harry, moving slightly to his right, saw that trelawney's terrifying vision was nothing other than professor umbridge
'no - no, i'll g - go, dumbledore! i sh - shall - leave hogwarts and s - seek my fortune elsewhere - ' 'no,' said dumbledore sharply
'might i ask you to escort sybill back upstairs, professor mcgonagall?' 'of course,' said mcgonagall
the centaur andthe sneak'i'll bet you wish you hadn't given up divination now, don't you, hermione?' asked parvati, smirking
what the - ?' the classroom floor had become springily mossy and trees were growing out of it; their leafy branches fanned across the ceiling and windows, so that the room was full of slanting shafts of soft, dappled, green light
why have the other centaurs banished you?' 'because i have agreed to work for professor dumbledore,' said firenze
they're so pretty!' they're not supposed to be pretty, they're supposed to protect you,' said harry patiently
'haven't we got a counter-jinx for this?' fudge asked umbridge impatiently, gesturing at marietta's face
'what an interesting insight into our justice system!' 'blatant corruption!' roared the portrait of the corpulent, red-nosed wizard on the wall behind dumbledore's desk
the ministry did not cut deals with petty criminals in my day, no sir, they did not!' thank you, fortescue, that will do,' said dumbledore softly
'evidence?' repeated umbridge, with that horrible wide toad-like smile
have they been happening regularly over the last six months?' harry felt a horrible plummeting in his stomach
there was a meeting, miss edgecombe, you told me about it, in the room of requirement! and potter was the leader, was he not, potter organised it, potter - why are you shaking your head, girl?' 'well, usually when a person shakes their head,' said mcgonagall coldly, 'they mean "no"
'what - i don't - ?' 'dumbledore's army, cornelius,' said dumbledore, still smiling as he waved the list of names before fudge's face
'you recruited these students for - for your army?' 'tonight was supposed to be the first meeting,' said dumbledore, nodding
'no - professor dumbledore - '!' 'be quiet, harry, or i am afraid you will have to leave my office,' said dumbledore calmly
' 'he will not be single-handed!' said professor mcgonagall loudly, plunging her hand inside her robes
'yes!' said professor mcgonagall, getting up and dragging harry and marietta with her
when several long moments had passed in silence, she said gaily, 'you're not drinking up!' he raised the cup to his lips and then, just as suddenly, lowered it
'right you are, headmistress!' wheezed filch, who as a squib could no more have stunned the fireworks than swallowed them
'you know, her mum works for the ministry, it's really difficult for her - ' 'ron's dad works for the ministry too!' harry said furiously
he looked rather pale and peaky (was the full moon approaching?) and was absorbed in the exam: as he reread his answers, he scratched his chin with the end of his quill, frowning slightly
'i got the snout shape, the pupils of the eyes and the tufted tail,' he said anxiously, 'but i couldn't think what else - ' 'how thick are you, wormtail?' said james impatiently
'oi!' but too late; snape had directed his wand straight at james; there was a flash of light and a gash appeared on the side of james's face, spattering his robes with blood
'having fun?' harry felt himself rising into the air; the summer's day evaporated around him; he was floating upwards through icy blackness, snape's hand still tight upon his upper arm
'no, of course i w- 'get out, get out, i don't want to see you in this office ever again!' and as harry hurtled towards the door, a jar of dead cockroaches exploded over his head
hadn't people like hagrid and sirius told harry how wonderful his father had been? (yeah, well, look what sirius was like himself, said a nagging voice inside harry's head
'out - out - out!' and whipping out her wand, she caused harry's books, bag and ink bottle to chase him and ginny from the library, whacking them repeatedly over the head as they ran
'defence against the dark arts, i suppose?' 'naturally,' said professor mcgonagall crisply
'may i offer you a cough drop, dolores?' professor mcgonagall asked curtly, without looking at professor umbridge
'i was just wondering whether mr potter has quite the temperament for an auror?' said professor umbridge sweetly
'aha! shrieked professor umbridge, pointing a stubby linger at mcgonagall
'and if you get thrown out today it will all have been for nothing!' he could abandon the plan and simply learn to live with the memory of what his father had done on a summer's day more than twenty years ago
' 'now you mention it,' said lupin, a faint crease between his eyebrows, 'how did snape react when he found you'd seen all this?' 'he told me he'd never teach me occlumency again,' said harry indifferently, 'like that's a big disappoint- 'he what?' shouted sirius, causing harry to jump and inhale a mouthful of ashes
'but harry, first of all, you're to go back to snape and tell him that on no account is he to stop giving you lessons - when dumbledore hears - ' 'i can't tell him that, he'd kill me!' said harry, outraged
'so - you think it amusing to turn a school corridor into a swamp, do you?' 'pretty amusing, yeah,' said fred, looking up at her without the slightest sign of fear
'our new premises!' 'special discounts to hogwarts students who swear they're going to use our products to get rid of this old bat,' added george, pointing at professor umbridge
' 'yeah, but that's another thing, how did they get premises?' said ron, hitting his teacup so hard with his wand that its legs collapsed again and it lay twitching before him
'oh, gosh, i forgot!' said hermione, watching the eagle flapping its wings as luna walked serenely past a group of cackling and pointing slytherins
' 'what is it, hagrid?' said hermione, looking up at him with a concerned expression on her face as they hurried across the grass towards the edge of the forest
'c'mon now, quick, before we're spotted!' harry and hermione looked at each other, then ducked into the cover of the trees behind hagrid, who was already striding away from them into the green gloom, his crossbow over his arm
an' i'd've thought firenze mighta remembered tha' before he started sendin' me stup d warnin's!' he added hotly and unexpectedly
'what do you want us to do?' hagrid gave a great sniff and patted harry wordlessly on the shoulder with such force harry was knocked sideways into a tree
see, with giantesses, what counts is producin' good big kids, and he's always been a bit on the runty side fer a giant - on'y sixteen foot - ' 'oh, yes, tiny!' said hermione, with a kind of hysterical sarcasm
'what do you think you're going to do with a violent giant who doesn't even want to be here!' 'well, now - "violent" - tha's a bit harsh,' said hagrid, still twisting his hands agitatedly
'i shall let you pass today because you are accompanied by your young - ' 'they're not his!' interrupted bane contemptuously
'and our tolerance is waning!' hagrid turned and gave every appearance of wanting to walk straight back to magorian
harry saw that she looked much the worse for wear; her hair was full of twigs and leaves, her robes were ripped in several places and there were numerous scratches on her face and arms. he knew he must look little better
'look - there's people comin' out already - if yeh two hurry yeh'll be able ter blend in with the crowd an' no one'll know yeh weren't there!' 'good idea,' said harry
'of course he's going to be chucked out and, to be perfectly honest, after what we've just seen, who can blame umbridge?' there was a pause in which harry glared at her, and her eyes filled slowly with tears
'but why does he have to make life so difficult for himself - for us?' 'i dunno - ''weasley is our king,weasley is our king,he didn't let the quaffle in, weasley is our king
''and i wish they'd stop singing that stupid song,' said hermione miserably, 'haven't they gloated enough?' a great tide of students was moving up the sloping lawns from the pitch
'now, i haven't heard from dumbledore lately!' she added, peering around the hall as though hopeful he might suddenly emerge from a broom cupboard
did you put in the counter-charm for hiccoughs? i wasn't sure whether i ought to, it felt like too much - and on question twenty-three - ' 'hermione,' said ron sternly, 'we've been through this before
'potter, is it?' said professor tofty, consulting his notes and peering over his pince-nez at harry as he approached
several people cried 'ouch!' when they poked themselves in the face with the ends of their telescopes as they hastened to see what was going on below
cries and yells echoed across the grounds; a man yelled, 'be reasonable, hagrid!' hagrid roared, 'reasonable be damned, yeh won' take me like this, dawlish!' harry could see the tiny outline of fang, attempting to defend hagrid, leaping repeatedly at the wizards surrounding him until a stunning spell caught him and he fell to the ground
'now, really!' said professor tofty anxiously
'on what grounds are you attacking him? he has done nothing, nothing to warrant such - ' hermione, parvati and lavender all screamed
four stunners straight in the chest and she's net exactly young, is she?' 'dreadful, dreadful,' said ernie, shaking his head pompously
what was it that bonaccord had done to offend the wizards of liechtenstein? harry had a feeling it had something to do with trolls
'as if one of them could have stunned minerva mcgonagall face-on by daylight! cowardice, that's what it was
'harry, how on earth could voldemort have got hold of sirius when he's been in grimmauld place all the time?' 'sirius might've cracked and just wanted some fresh air,' said ron, sounding worried
'look, i'm sorry,' cried hermione, 'but neither of you is making sense, and we've got no proof for any of this, no proof voldemort and sirius are even there - ' 'hermione, harry's seen them!' said ron, rounding on her
'how're we going to check?' 'we'll have to use umbridge's fire and see if we can contact him, said hermione, who looked positively terrified at the thought
' the department of mysteries?' said luna, looking mildly surprised
' 'what's the signal?' muttered harry, as they approached umbridge's door
he knelt down quickly, thrust his head into the dancing fire and cried, 'number twelve, grimmauld place!' his head began to spin as though he had just got off a fairground ride though his knees remained firmly planted on the cold office floor
'kreacher thinks he will have a little chat with his mistress now, yes, he hasn't had a chance in a long time, kreacher's master has been keeping him away from her - ' 'where has sirius gone?' harry yelled after the elf
'well, it looks as though hogwarts will shortly be a weasley-free zone, doesn't it?' malfoy laughed loudly and sycophantically
'i wish you to provide me with a potion that will force him to tell me the truth!' 'i have already told you,' said snape smoothly, 'that i have no further stocks of veritaserum
'you sent the dementors after me?' 'somebody had to act,' breathed umbridge, as her wand came to rest pointing directly at harry's forehead
'but - i can't stand it - ' that's right, that's right, girl!' said umbridge, seizing hermione by the shoulders, thrusting her into the abandoned chintz chair and leaning over her
let them see it, i hope they use it on you! in fact, i wish you'd invite loads and loads of people to come and see! th - that would serve you right - oh, i'd love it if the wh - whole school knew where it was, and how to u - use it, and then if you annoy any of them they'll, be able to s - sort you out!' these words had a powerful impact on umbridge: she glanced swiftly and suspiciously around at her inquisitorial squad, her bulging eyes resting for a moment on malfoy, who was too slow to disguise the look of eagerness and greed that had appeared on his lace
'it had to be somewhere that students weren't going to find it accidentally, didn't it?' 'of course,' said umbridge, though she sounded a little apprehensive now
neither of them paused to help her up again; hermione merely strode on, calling loudly over her shoulder, 'it's a bit further in!' 'hermione, keep your voice down,' harry muttered, hurrying to catch up with her
'excuse me, but i care what happens to sirius as much as you do!' said ginny, her jaw set so that her resemblance to fred and george was suddenly striking
'where do we go from here, then?' she asked harry in a politely interested voice, as though this was all a rather interesting day-trip
maybe a couple of people should stay here as a - as a lookout, and - ' 'and how're we going to let you know something's coming?' asked ginny, her eyebrows raised
'i give you this - prophecy, is it? and you'll just let us skip off home, will you?' the words were hardly out of his mouth when the female death eater shrieked: 'accio proph- harry was just ready for her: he shouted 'protego' before she had finished her spell, and though the glass sphere slipped to the tips of his fingers he managed to cling on to it
'i don't think your boss will be too pleased if you come back without it, will he?' she did not move; she merely stared at him, the tip of her tongue moistening her thin mouth
'dumbledore never told you the reason you bear that scar was hidden in the bowels of the department of mysteries?' malfoy sneered
'can this be?' said malfoy, sounding maliciously delighted; some of the death eaters were laughing again, and under cover of their laughter, harry hissed to hermione, moving his lips as little as possible, 'smash shelves - ' 'dumbledore never told you?' malfoy repeated
haven't you ever wondered why the dark lord tried to kill you as a baby?' harry stared into the slitted eye-holes through which malfoy's grey eyes were gleaming
'come on!' he said, and leaving the ugly baby-headed death eater staggering behind them they took off for the door that stood open at the other end of the room, leading back into the black hallway
'hermione, wake up 'whaddid he do to her?' said neville, crawling out from under the desk to kneel at her other side, blood streaming from his rapidly swelling nose
'ginny - are you all - ?' 'harry,' said ron, giggling weakly, lurching forwards, seizing the front of harry's robes and gazing at him with unfocused eyes, 'there you are
'luna, can you help ginny?' 'yes,' said luna, sticking her wand behind her ear for safekeeping, then putting an arm around ginny's waist and pulling her up
'it's only my ankle, i can do it myself!' said ginny impatiently, but next moment she had collapsed sideways and grabbed luna for support
'he's still god be!' harry's heart sank: neville was scrambling down the stone benches towards them, hermione's wand held fast in his trembling hand
'stubefy! 'stube - ' one of the largest death eaters seized neville from behind, pinioning his arms to his sides
' 'don'd gib id do dem!' roared neville, who seemed beside himself, kicking and writhing as bellatrix drew nearer to him and his captor, her wand raised
'the prophecy, give me the prophecy, potter!' snarled lucus malfoy's voice in his ear, and harry felt the tip of malfoy's wand pressing hard between his ribs
neville - catch it!' harry flung the prophecy across the floor, neville span himself around on his back and scooped the ball to his chest
did you love him, little baby potter? hatred rose in harry such as he had never known before; he flung himself out from behind the fountain and bellowed, 'crucio!' bellatrix screamed: the spell had knocked her off her feet, but she did not writhe and shriek with pain as neville had - she was already back on her feet, breathless, no longer laughing
'i saw him, mr fudge, i swear it was you-know-who, he grabbed a woman and disapparated!' 'i know, williamson, i know, i saw him too!' gibbered fudge, who was wearing pyjamas under his pinstriped cloak and was gasping as though he had just run miles
' 'dumbledore!' gasped fudge, beside himself with amazement
' 'but that's ok, is it?' yelled harry, ignoring the scandalised faces and disapproving mutterings of the portraits on the walls
why could some wizarding family not have taken you in? many would have done so more than gladly, would have been honoured and delighted to raise you as a son
'so, anyway,' said hermione, sitting up a little straighter and wincing again, 'what's going on in school?' 'well, flitwick's got rid of fred and george's swamp,' said ginny, 'he did it in about three seconds
' 'i s'pose filch is happy, is he?' asked ron, propping a chocolate frog card featuring dumbledore against his water jug
'still, at least you-know-who never found out what was in it either - where are you going?' he added, looking both surprised and disappointed as harry stood up
'i s'pose lord voldemort's just a warm-up act compared to you three - what's the matter?' he added, for malfoy, crabbe and goyle had all looked stricken at the sound of the name
'professor mcgonagall!' said snape, striding forwards
'yeh - er - feelin' all righ', are yeh?' harry knew from the look of concern on hagrid's face that he was not referring to harry's physical well-being
he wiped the mirror clear again and said, so that every syllable rang clearly through the room: 'sirius black!' nothing happened
i believe learned wizards study the matter in the department of mysteries - ' 'don't talk to me about that place!' said harry fiercely
that'll be them, will it, potter?' he pointed with his thumb over his shoulder; his magical eye was evidently peering through the back of his head and his bowler hat
'ah, harry!' said mr weasley, turning from hermione's parents, who he had just greeted enthusiastically, and who were now taking it in turns to hug hermione
"had a bad one too, have you?" asked the prime minister stiffly, hoping to convey by this that he had quite enough on his plate already without any extra helpings from fudge
"but then," bleated the prime minister, "why hasn't a former prime minister warned me?"at this, fudge had actually laughed
"but," said the prime minister, with a sense of dawning horror, "didn't you tell me they're the creatures that drain hope and happiness out of people?"that's right
"you can't just put your people into my office, i decide who works for me"i thought you were happy with shacklebolt?" said scrimgeour coldly
"i thought perhaps an aurorcissy, wait!"but her quarry, who had paused and looked back at the flash of light, was already scrambling up the bank the fox had just fallen down
leave me alone!"the woman named narcissa gained the top of the bank, where a line of old railings separated the river from a narrow, cobbled street
"of i nurse, you weren't a lot of use to him in prison, but the gesture was undoubtedly fine "gesture!" she shrieked; in her fury she looked slightly mad
"he calls me his most loyal, his most faithful "does he?" said snape, his voice delicately inflected to suggest his disbelief
"and through all this we are supposed to believe dumbledore has never suspected you?" asked bellatrix
"you know about the plan?" said bellatrix, her fleeting expression of satisfaction replaced by a look of outrage
"but what help do you require, nar-cissa? if you are imagining i can persuade the dark lord to change his mind, i am afraid there is no hope, none at all
"he does not mean him to succeed, he wants him to be killed trying!"when snape said nothing, narcissa seemed to lose what little self-restraint she still possessed
downstairs in the living room his uncle vernon shouted, "who the blazes is calling at this lime of night?"harry froze with a brass telescope in one hand and a pair of trainers in the other
the slightly problematic part of the legacy "his godfather's dead?" said uncle vernon loudly from the sofa
kreacher wont, kreacher won't, kreacher wont!" croaked the house-elf, quite as loudly as uncle vernon, stamping his long, gnarled feet and pulling his ears
now, if you were to return to hogwarts "if you're going to tell me my life would be more peaceful at that pestilential school, you can save your breath, albus! i might have been in hiding, but some funny rumors have reached me since dolores umbridge left! if that's how you treat teachers these days "professor umbridge ran afoul of our centaur herd," said dumbledore
"spoken both like your mother and father's son and sirius's true godson!" said dumbledore, with an approving pat on harry's back
then you will have seen that there have been not so much leaks as floods concerning your adventure in the hall of prophecy?"yes," said harry again
"i didn't want " to worry or frighten them?" said dumbledore, surveying harry over the top of his half-moon spectacles
are you hungry, harry?"yeah, i am," said harry, suddenly realizing just how hungry he was,"sit down, dear, i'll knock something up
as if st. mungo's didn't have enough to do already!"it sounds like the sort of thing fred and george would find funny," said mrs. weasley hesitantly
"the boys wouldn't do anything like that now, not when people are desperate for protection!"so is that why you're late, metamorph-medals?"no, we got wind of a nasty backfiring jinx down in elephant and castle, but luckily the magical law enforcement squad had sorted it out by the time we got there
how're you, hermione?"oh, i'm fine," said hermione, who was scrutinizing harry as though he was sickening for something
"eet 'as been too long!"as she swept over the threshold toward him, mrs. weasley was revealed, bobbing along in her wake, looking rather cross
"i just think they've hurried into this engagement, that's all!"they've known each other a year," said ron, who looked oddly groggy and was staring at the closed door
what have they really got in common? he's a hardworking, down-to-earth sort of person, whereas she's ?quot;"a cow," said ginny, nodding
well, she was fighting bellatrix lestrange, wasn't she? i think she feels that if only she had finished her off, bellatrix couldn't have killed sirius
don't worry," said ron, who was plainly trying not to laugh, "mum'll fix that, she's good at healing minor injuries ?quot;"oh well, never mind that now!" said hermione hastily
"i can't go around looking like this forever!"you won't, dear, we'll find an antidote, don't worry," said mrs. weasley soothingly
mrs. weasley, you're quite, quite sure no owls have arrived this morning?"yes, dear, i'd have noticed," said mrs. weasley patiently
i thought transfiguration went all right at the time, but looking back ?quot;"hermione, will you shut up, you're not the only one who's nervous!" barked ron
"seven owls, that's more than fred and george got together!"hermione?" said ginny tentatively, for hermione still hadn't turned around
"the man who ran " " the ice-cream place in diagon alley?" harry interrupted, with an unpleasant, hollow sensation in the pit of his stomach
"you can use our special bathroom now and everything!" "wow, i remember when charlie wore one of these," said ron, examining the badge with glee
"mum, d'you honestly think you-know-who's going to be hiding behind a bookshelf in flourish and blotts?" sniggered ron
"really?" said harry, taking a step forward and gazing into the smoothly arrogant face that, for all its pallor, still resembled her sister's
"watch where you're putting your pins, woman! mother i don't think i want these anymore " he pulled the robes over his head and threw them onto the floor at madam malkin's feet
"well, really? said madam malkin, snatching up the fallen robes and moving the tip of her wand over them like a vacuum cleaner, so that it removed all the dust
you know," said hermione, looking up at harry, "that really is extraordinary magic!" "for that, hermione," said a voice behind them, "you can have one for free
what are those?" she was pointing at a number of round balls of fluff in shades of pink and purple, all rolling around the bottom of a cage and emitting high-pitched squeaks
so what about michael corner?" "i dumped him, he was a bad loser," said ginny, putting a finger through the bars of the cage and watching the pygmy puffs crowd around it
"listen!" they put their heads together and listened intently to the ends of the strings, through which malfoy's voice could be heard loud and clear, as though a radio had been turned on
we've got ministry cars again, and there will be aurors waiting at the station ?quot;"is tonks going to be there?" asked harry, handing over his quidditch things
"mr. weasley, i'm sorry, but isn't it worth investigating? if malfoy wants something fixing, and he needs to threaten borgin to get it done, it's probably something dark or dangerous, isn't it?"i doubt it, to be honest, harry," said mr. weasley slowly
meetings this year, harry?" asked luna,who was detaching a pair of psychedelic spectacles from the middle of the quibbler
'that harry potter's got more backbone than the whole ministry of magic put together!' she'd give anything to have you as a grand-son
harry, m'boy!" said slughorn, jumping up at the sight of him so that his great velvet-covered belly seemed to fill all the remaining space in the compartment
do you see much of your uncle, marcus?"unfortunately, beiby had just taken a large mouthful of pheasant; in his haste to answer slughorn he swallowed too fast, turned purple, and began to choke
"oh dear!" chuckled slughorn comfortably, looking around at ginny, who was glaring at zabini around slughorn's great belly
? he kept on and on asking about what happened at the ministry and in the end he annoyed me so much i hexed him ?when slughorn came in ithought i was going to got detention, but he just thought it was ;i really good hex and invited me to lunch! mad, eh?"better reason for inviting someone than because their mother's famous," said harry, scowling at the back of zabini's head, "or because their uncle ?quot;but he broke off
what's wrong with this thing?" said zabini angrily as he smashed the sliding door repeatedly into harry's foot
so, zabini," said malfoy, "what did slughorn want?"just trying to make up to well-connected people," said zabini,who was still glowering at goyle
what would ron and hermione say about this? crabbe and goyle were gawping at malfoy; apparently they had had no inkling of any plans to move on to bigger and better things
s anyone's got? of course he isn't?it'll be all about the kind of service he received, the level of devotion he was shown
alohomora!" he said confidently, pointing his wand at the padlock, but nothing happened
pip pip!"with the usual deafening scraping noise, the benches moved back and the hundreds of students began to file out of the great hall toward their dormitories
come early an' yeh can say hello ter buck i mean, witherwings! raising an arm in cheery farewell, he headed out of the doors into the darkness
"but he was obviously showing off for parkinson, wasn't he?" interjected ron quickly, before hermione could say anything
"hold it!" said hermione, throwing out an arm and halting a passing fourth year, who was attempting to push past her with a lime-green disk clutched tightly in his hand
i won't be able to do his detention!"he, ron, and hermione spent the whole of break speculating on what dumbledore would teach harry
and how are you, ron  hermione?" before they could say more than "fine," the dungeon door opened and slughorn's belly preceded him out of the door
"you are the best in the year - i'd've told him so if he'd asked me!"hermione smiled but made a "shhing" gesture, so that they could hear what slughorn was saying
off you go!"there was a scraping as everyone drew their cauldrons toward them and some loud clunks as people began adding weights to their scales, but nobody spoke
sir, i think you knew my grandfather, abraxas malfoy?" harry looked up; slughorn was just passing the slytherin table
"excellent, excellent, harry! good lord, it's clear you've inherited your mother's talent
he only followed different instructions to ours," said ron, "could've been a catastrophe, couldn't it? but he took a risk and it paid off
"you must have been busy, a detention under your belt already!" "er," began harry awkwardly, but dumbledore did not look too stern
"who was bob ogden?" "he was employed by the department of magical law enforce-ment," said dumbledore
"and they ended up married?" harry said in disbelief, unable to imagine two people less likely to fall in love
"ha!" said harry, unwrapping the parcel to reveal a new copy of advanced potion-making, fresh from flourish and blotts
"anyone we know dead?" asked ron in a determinedly casual voice; he posed the same question every time hermione opened her paper
"isn't he the one who claimed he was going to be-come minister of magic when he was trying to chat up those veela?" "yeah, that's him," said harry
"you didn't try out last year, did you?" asked harry, taking note of the breadth of mclaggen and thinking that he would probably block all three goal hoops without even moving
"what does it matter if we're smuggling dark stuff out?" de-manded ron, eyeing the long thin secrecy sensor with apprehen-sion
"surely you ought to be checking what we bring back in?" his cheek earned him a few extra jabs with the sensor, and he was still wincing as they stepped out into the wind and sleet
"unlucky again!" cried slughorn dramatically
"are you selling this stuff?" asked harry, watching mundungus grab an assortment of grubby-looking objects from the ground
"but any-thing you have to say about this horrible business can be said to me, i'm sure!" for a split second, harry hesitated
"couldn't have been," said harry, "or katie would've just turned around in the lane and given it to me, wouldn't she? i was behind her all the way out of the three broomsticks
"you'll be taking him away, whatever?" "whatever," repeated dumbledore gravely
so ?when i've got all my stuff?when do i come to this hogwarts?" "all the details are on the second piece of parchment in your envelope," said dumbledore
is that normal for a wizard?" harry could tell that he had withheld mention of this strangest power until that moment, determined to impress
"firstly, i hope you noticed riddle's reaction when i mentioned that another shared his first name, 'tom'?" harry nodded
i mean, it's really interesting and everything, but what's the point?" "dunno," said harry, inserting a gum shield
"personally, i thought she was a bit full of herself, but " "quite enough chat over here!" said professor sprout briskly, bustling over and looking stern
"okay, professor, we're starting now!" said ron, adding quietly, when she had turned away again, "should ve used muffliato, harry
he and cho were now too em-barrassed to look at each other, let alone talk to each other; what if ron and hermione started going out together, then split up? could their friendship survive it? harry remembered the few weeks when they had not been talking to each other in the third year; he had not enjoyed trying to bridge the distance between them
"cheers, harry! blimey, i can't wait to tell ginny!" he sprinted out of the room, leaving harry and seamus alone together, an uncomfortable moment made no easier when a bird dropping landed on seamus's head as one of hermione's canaries whizzed over them
"it was an accident, i'm sorry, demelza, really sorry!" ron shouted after her as she zigzagged back to the ground, dripping blood everywhere
"you prat, ron, look at the state of her!" "i can fix that," said harry, landing beside the two girls, pointing his wand at demelzas mouth, and saying "episkey
"you don't know what you're talking about!" ron roared, trying to get a clear shot at ginny around harry, who was now standing in front of her with his arms outstretched
you've got the bottle in your hand right now!" "i dont know what you're talking about," said harry, stowing the little bottle hastily in his pocket
"ron, i warn you, don't drink it!" hermione said again, alarmed, but ron picked up the glass, drained it in one gulp, and said, "stop bossing me around, hermione
"and vaisey off too, he's their best goal scorer, i didn't fancy hey!" he said suddenly, freezing halfway through pulling on his keepers gloves and staring at harry
"gerremoffme!" he yelled, but with one last look of vindictive fury, hermione wrenched open the door and disappeared through it
so how come these grils are able to bring love potions into the school?" "fred and george send them disguised as perfumes and cough potions," said hermione
"look , " sighed hermione, "secrecy sensors detect jinxes, curses, and concealment charms, don't they? they're used to find d ark magic and d ark obje c ts
you're going, aren't you?" "yes, i'm meeting cormac at eight, and we're -" there was a noise like a plunger being withdrawn from a blocked sink , and ron surfaced
"i debated for a while about zacharias smith, but i thought, on the whole " "you considered smith?" said harry, revoked
"is that all boys care about? cormac hasn't asked me one single question about myself, no, i've just been treated to 'a hundred great saves made by cormac mclaggen' nonstop ever since oh no, here he comes!" she moved so fast it was as though she had disapparated; one moment she was there, the next, she had squeezed between two guffawing witches and vanished
"you'd better stop telling me to come to your office then!" "listen to me," said snape, his voice so low now that harry had to push his ear very hard against the keyhole to hear
"i have all the assistance i need, thanks, i'm not alone!" "you were certainly alone tonight, which was foolish in the ex-treme, wandering the corridors without lookouts or backup, these are elementary mistakes " "i would've had crabbe and goyle with me if you hadn't put them in detention!" "keep your voice down!" spat snape, for malfoy ' s voice had risen excitedly
"don't you ever let me see you throw-ing knives again!" "i wont," said ron, "let you see," he added under his breath, as he turned back to the sprout mountain
he peeled a few more sprouts and then said, "are you going to tell dumbledore what you heard snape and malfoy saying to each other?" "yep," said harry
do people usually give their house-elves christmas presents?" asked harry, prodding the parcel cautiously
why would your patronus change?" lupin took his time chewing his turkey and swallowing before saying slowly, "sometimes
i assume that dumbledore has discussed these matters with you?", harry deliberated, wondering whether he ought to lie or not
you prefer like your hero, dumbledore to disassociate yourself from the ministry?" "i don't want to be used," said harry
"maybe his father?" she stared across the room, apparently lost in thought, not even noticing lavender tickling ron
"how's lupin?" "not great," said harry, and he told her all about lupin s mission among the werewolves and the difficulties he was facing
"whoa!" whispered seamus, and he, dean, and neville put their heads a little closer to hear what apparition felt like
"but how come the ministry didn't realize that voldemort had done all that to morfin?" harry asked angrily "he was underage at the time, wasn't he? i thought they could detect underage magic!" "you are quite right they can detect magic, but not the perpetrator: you will remember that you were blamed by the ministry for the hover charm that was, in fact, cast by " "dobby," growled harry; this injustice still rankled
a bezoar would certainly act as an antidote to all these potions!'hermione, who was sweaty-faced and had soot on her nose, looked livid
that's the individual spirit a real potion-maker needs!' said slughorn happily, before harry could reply
she was so shocked, she even forgot that she was annoyed at harry for his trick with the bezoar,'i haven't found one single explanation of what horcruxes do!" she told him
'look, had to try and soften him up so could ask him about voldemort, didn't i? oh, will you get a grip!' he added in exasperation, as ron winced at the sound of infuriated by his failure and by ron and hermione's atti- tudes, harry brooded for the next few days over what to do next about slughorn
hope to be able to prepare you for your apparition test in this time -' 'malfoy, be quiet and pay attention!' barked professor mcgonagall
"step two,' said twycross, 'focus your determination to occupy the visualised space! let your yearning to enter it flood from your mind to every particle of your body!' harry glanced around surreptitiously
they're the chocolate cauldrons romilda gave me before christmas and they're all spiked with love potion!' but only one word of this seemed to have registered with ron
you couldn't make him an antidote, could you? i'd take him to madam pomfrey, but we're not supposed to have anything from weasleys' wizard wheezes and, you know
'- and may you have many more - 'ron!'ron had dropped his glass; he half-rose from his chair and then crumpled, his extremities jerking uncontrollably
well, i don't think it's quidditch, but i think there's a connection between the attacks," said hermione quietly"how d'you work that out?" asked fred
chamber o' secrets all over again, isn' it? there'll be panic, more parents takin their kids outta school, an nex' thing yeh know the board o' governors
well, there's nothin' strange abou' that!" hagrid added hastily, as harry and hermione exchanged looks full of meaning
"all the heads o' houses were asked ter look inter that necklace business "yeah, but dumbledore's not having rows with the rest of them, is he?" said harry
is hermione granger still visiting him?" lavender demanded suddenly
mclaggen, will you pay attention to what you're supposed to be doing and leave everyone else alone!" bellowed harry, wheeling around to face his keeper
will you give him back his bat and get back to the goal posts!" roared harry, pelting toward mclaggen just as mclaggen took a ferocious swipe at the bludger and mishit it
"tweaky, pokey!"kreacher will say what he likes about his master, oh yes, and what a master he is, filthy friend of mudbloods, oh, what would poor kreacher's mistress say ?"exactly what kreacher's mistress would have said they did not find out, for at that moment dobby sank his knobbly little fist into kreacher s mouth and knocked out half of his teeth
"and if dobby does it wrong, dobby will throw himself off the topmost tower, harry potter!"there won't be any need for that," said harry hastily
"aha!" she cried, pointing dramatically at harry as she blinked at him through her magnifying spectacles
"may i hope, then, that you will give this matter higher priority from now on? there will be little point in our meeting after tonight unless we have that memory
"he said he'd come at four, it's only a couple of minutes to and he's never been late yet!" she tucked away her powder puff as the house-elf straightened up
"you naughty boy, you shouldn't have!" squealed old hepzibah, though harry noticed that she had an empty vase standing ready on the nearest little table
lovely, isn't it? and all sorts of powers it's supposed to possess too, but i haven't tested them thoroughly, i just keep it nice and safe in here
"the locket maybe," said harry, "but why take the cup as well?" "it had belonged to another of hogwarts s founders," said dumbledore
"and what will become of those whom you command? what will happen to those who call themselves or so rumor has it the death eaters?" harry could tell that voldemort had not expected dumbledore to know this name; he saw voldemort s eyes flash red again and the slitlike nostrils flare
why have you come here tonight, surrounded by henchmen, to request a job we both know you do not want?" voldemort looked coldly surprised
"what ideas, sir?" "i shall tell you, harry, when you have retrieved that memory from professor slughorn," said dumbledore
"don't say i'll have to write the whole thing out again!" "it's okay, we can fix it," said hermione, pulling the essay toward her and taking out her wand
"what d'you think?" "wish i could disapparate like a house-elf," said ron, staring at the spot where dobby had vanished
"what did you want to see him about?" "nothing in particular," said tonks, picking, apparently uncon-sciously, at the sleeve of her robe
"but surely werewolves don't kill, they just turn you into one of them?" "they sometimes kill," said ron, who looked unusually grave now
i want you all to brew me up something amusing!" "that sounds good, sir," said ernie sycophantically, rubbing his hands together
"i feel like it's the place to be tonight, you know what i mean?" "no," said ron and hermione together, both looking positively alarmed now
"but my dear chap, do you know how much that's worth?" "i use it fer bindin' on bandages an stuff if a creature gets in jured," said hagrid, shrugging
"how do you split your soul?" "well," said slughorn uncomfortably, "you must understand that the soul is supposed to remain intact and whole
"of course," he muttered, "this is all hypothetical, what we're discussing, isn't it? all academic
"but the six horcruxes, then," said harry, a little desperately, "how are we supposed to find them?" "you are forgetting
"but how did you find it?" "well, as you now know, for many years i have made it my business to discover as much as i can about voldemort's past life
harry sat in thought for a moment, then asked, "so if all of his horcruxes are destroyed, voldemort couldbe killed?" "yes, i think so," said dumbledore
"stop! stop!" there was a loud bang and the bin behind harry exploded; harry attempted a leg-locker curse that backfired off the wall be-hind malfoy's ear and smashed the cistern beneath moaning myr-tle, who screamed loudly; water poured everywhere and harry slipped as malfoy, his face contorted, cried, "cruci " "sectumsempra!" bellowed harry from the floor, waving his wand wildly
it seemed to be moving half as fast as a regular clock; perhaps snape had bewitched it to go extra slowly? he could not have been here for only half an hour
'so?' said harry, scanning the short news item to which the picture belonged; it was a rather dull story about inter-school competitions
hey, it's from dumbledore!' said harry excitedly, unrolling the parchment and scanning it
'and it sounded happy?' 'very happy,' said professor trelawney sniffily
i asked him - one seer to another - had he not, too, sensed the distant vibra-tions of coming catastrophe? but he seemed to find me almost comical
yes, comical!' her voice rose rather hysterically and harry caught a powerful whiff of sherry even though the bottles had been left behind
dumbledore was standing at the window look-ing out at the grounds, a long, black travelling cloak in his arms. 'well, harry, i promised that you could come with me
'snape's what's happened! he told voldemort about the prophecy, it was him, he listened outside the door, trelawney told me!' dumbledore's expression did not change, but harry thought his face whitened under the bloody tinge cast by the setting sun
'he hated my dad like he hated sirius! haven't you noticed, professor, how the people snape hates tend to end up dead?' 'you have no idea of the remorse professor snape felt when he realised how lord voldemort had interpreted the prophecy, harry
"professor!" protested harry, hurrying forward as dumbledore raised his knife
"aguamenti aguamenti aguamenti!" the goblet filled and emptied once more
still slashing at the air with his wand, harry yelled, "sectumsempra! sectumsempra!" but though gashes appeared in their sodden rags and their icy skin, they had no blood to spill: they walked on, unfeeling, their shrunken hands outstretched toward him, and as he backed away still farther, he felt arms enclose him from behind, thin, fleshlcv
'we did it, professor!' harry whispered with difficulty; he suddenly realised that he had a searing stitch in his chest
'what does it mean?' harry asked dumbledore, looking up at the green skull with its serpent's tongue glinting evilly above them
how did you do it?' but malfoy said nothing: he was still listening to whatever was happening below and seemed almost as paralysed as harry was
tell me, how have you been communicating with rosmerta? i thought we had all methods of communication in and out of the school monitored
tell me, how have you been communicating with rosmerta? i thought we had all methods of communication in and out of the school monitored
you knew that i had left the school? but of course,' he answered his own question, 'rosmerta saw me leaving, she tipped you off using your ingenious coins, i'm sure
'so you decided to spring a trap for me?' 'we decided to put the dark mark over the tower and get you to hurry up here, to see who'd been killed,' said malfoy
'dumbledore cornered!' he said, and he turned to a stocky little woman who looked as though she could be his sister and who was grinning eagerly
'look at him - what's happened to you, then, dumby?' 'oh, weaker resistance, slower reflexes, amycus,' said dumbledore
'i said no!' shouted the brutal-faced man; there was a flash of light and the werewolf was blasted out of the way; he hit the ramparts and staggered, looking furious
snape and malfoy, however, were still running; they would soon be beyond the gates, able to disapparate -harry tore past hagrid and his opponent, took aim at snape's back, and yelled, "stupefy!"he missed; the jet of red light soared past snape's head; snape shouted, "run, draco!"and turned
"wha's that lyin' on the grass?" hagrid added sharply, heading now toward the foot of the astronomy tower, where a small crowd was congregating
"harry, what happened? according to hagrid you were with professor dumbledore when he - when it happened
and dumbledore believed that?" said lupin incredulously
and oh, it's so obvious now, snape must have stupefied flitwick, but we didn't realize, harry, we didn't realize, we just let snape go!"it's not your fault," said lupin firmly
"already taken - ?"wordlessly, harry pulled the fake locket from his pocket, opened it, and passed it to ron
the one where i tell the world what a great job you're doing in exchange for ' '- for raising everyone's morale!' snapped scrimgeour
then i've got to track down the rest of the horcruxes, haven't i?' said harry, his eyes upon dumbledore's white tomb, reflected in the water on the other side of the lake
"the order's got one thing right, then, eh?" said a squat man sitting a short distance from yaxley; he gave a wheezy giggle that was echoed here and there along the table
even compared with the happy event that, i hear, has taken place in your family this week?"she stared at him, her lips parted, evidently confused
what of his famous defeat of grindelwald?"oh, now, i'm glad you mentioned grindelwald," says skeeter with such a tantalizing smile
lies!" harry bellowed, and through the window he saw the next-door neighbor, who had paused to restart his lawn mower, look up nervously
"an honor as ever!"thanks, dedalus," said harry, bestowing a small and embarrassed smile upon the dark haired hestia
excellent! the plan, as harry has told you, is a simple one," said dedalus, pulling an immense pocket watch out of his waistcoat and examining it
"i thought mad-eye was going to come and take me by side along-apparition?"can't do it," said hestia tersely, "mad-eye will explain
ready, duddy?" asked petunia, fussily checking the clasp of her handbag so as to avoid looking at harry altogether
and under here, hedwig" c harry pulled open a door under the stairs c "is where i used to sleep! you never knew me then c blimey, it's small, i'd forgotten
"an' the last time yeh was on it, harry, i could fit yeh in one hand!"harry could not help but feel a little humiliated as he got into the sidecar
no c no!"the motorbike zoomed forward; harry glimpsed hooded death eaters scattering as hagrid blasted through their circle
"stop c stop!" harry shouted, but as he looked back again two jets of green light flew past his left ear: four death eaters had broken away from the circle and were pursuing them, aiming for hagrid's broad back
wriggling around he cried, "stupefy!" and a red bolt of light shot from his own wand, cleaving a gap between the four pursuing death eaters as they scattered to avoid it
hold on, harry, this'll do for 'em!" roared hagrid, and harry looked up just in time to see hagrid slamming a thick finger into a green button near the fuel gauge
that's him, it's him, it's the real one!"the hooded death eater's shout reached harry even above the thunder of the motorbike's engine: next moment, both pursuers had fallen back and disappeared from view
the remaining death eater yelled; voldemort screamed, "no!" somehow, harry found his nose an inch from the dragon-fire button
hagrid?"harry struggled to raise himself out of the debris of metal and leather that surrounded him; his hands sank into inches of muddy water as he tried to stand
she had a great old life c "hagrid!" said ted tonks warningly, as the hairbrush glowed bright blue, and hagrid only just got his forefinger to it in time
harry, come back in the house," hermione whispered, "you aren't still thinking of leaving?"yeah, you've got to stay, mate," said ron, thumping harry on the back
"someone else might kill off voldemort while she's holding us here making vol-au-vents?"he had spoken without thinking, and saw ginny's face whiten
"yeah, why tell the public the truth?" said harry, clenching his knife so tightly that the faint scars on the back of his right hand stood out, white against his skin: i must not tell lies
that's your ghoul, isn't it?" asked harry, who had never actually met the creature that sometimes disrupted the nightly silence
"but when did you do this?" harry asked, regarding hermione with a mixture of admiration and incredulity
"where are these books anyway?"hermione rummaged for a moment and then extracted from the pile a large volume, bound in faded black leather
"i didn't mean c well, your safety's much more important! actually, i've been wanting to ask you how you want to celebrate your birthday, harry
"did you ever discuss codes, or any means of passing secret messages, with dumbledore?"no, i didn't," said hermione, still wiping her eyes on her sleeve
how could he avoid taking the snitch with his bare hand in front of the minister?"you don't say anything," said scrimgeour
"perhaps you already know what the snitch contains?"no," said harry, still wondering how he could appear to touch the snitch without really doing so
the sword of godric gryffindor is an important historical artifact, and as such, belongs c"it belongs to harry!" said hermione hotly
"remember?"for the second time, he raised his right fist and displayed to scrimgeour the scar that still showed white on the back of it, spelling i must not tell lies
shall i serve dinner now?"they all ate rather hurriedly and then after a hasty chorus of "happy birthday" and much gulping of cake, the party broke up
"we didn't hear stories like that when we were little, we heard 'snow white and the seven dwarves' and 'cinderella' c "what's that, an illness?" asked ron
"luna, my love, if you should feel any burgeoning talent today c perhaps an unexpected urge to sing opera or to declaims in mermish c do not repress it! you may have been gifted by the gernumblies!"ron, passing them in the opposite direction let out a loud snort
"are you sure you don't want to put anything on that bite, though?"oh, it's fine," said luna, sucking her finger in a dreamy fashion and looking harry up and down
as she scrambled, blushing, to pick it up, she said "i didn't know you were c goodness c it's lovely to see c how are you?"ron's ears had turned bright red again
why?"krum glowered over the top of his drink, watching xenophilius, who was chatting to several warlocks on the other side of the dance floor
"she is also a relative of yours?"yeah," said harry, suddenly irritated, "and she's seeing someone
"elphias, i don't know whether you saw the interview rita skeeter gave about dumbledore?"doge's face flooded with angry color
she took another large gulp of champagne, belched and then said, "there's no need to look like a pair of stuffed frogs! before he became so respected and respectable and all that tosh, there were some mighty funny rumors about albus!"ill-informed sniping," said doge, turning radish-colored again
- proud and very domineering, the sort of witch who would have been mortified to produce a squib-"ariana was not a squib!" wheezed doge
didn't aberforth break albus' nose halfway through the service?"if doge had looked horrified before this, it was nothing to how he looked now
all those hints in skeeter's interview about an important source close to the dumbledores c goodness knows she was there all through the ariana business, and it would fit!"bathilda, would never talk to rita skeeter!" whispered doge
"harry, are you okay?"harry did not know where to begin, but it did not matter, at that moment, something large and silver came falling through the canopy over the dance floor
"ron, where are you?"as they pushed their way across the dance floor, harry saw cloaked and masked figures appearing in the crowd; then he saw lupin and tonks, their wands raised, and heard both of them shout, "protego!", a cry that was echoed on all sides c"ron! ron!" hermione called, half sobbing as she and harry were buffered by terrified guests: harry seized her hand to make sure they weren't separated as a streak of light whizzed over their heads, whether a protective charm or something more sinister he did not know cand then ron was there
why didn't i make sure i had the invisibility cloak with me?" said harry, inwardly cursing his own stupidity
"please, harry, get that cloak on!"harry threw his invisibility cloak around his shoulders and pulled it up over his head, vanishing from sight
after a minute or two, ron said, "you know, we're not far from the leaky cauldron here, it's only in charing cross c "ron, we can't!" said hermione at once
"what if the death eaters have found a way to put it on a seventeen-year-old?"but harry hasn't been near a death eater in the last twenty-four hours
"we're not snape!" croaked harry, before something whooshed over him like cold air and his tongue curled backward on itself, making it impossible to speak
i know they can't get in the house, but c what's up, harry?"harry had given a cry of pain: his scar had burned against as something flashed across his mind like a bright light on water
"i c i think it's started opening again whenever he loses control, that's how it used to c "but then you've got to close your mind!" said hermione shrilly
she turned and shouted over her shoulder, "ron! i've found him"ron's annoyed voice echoed distantly from several floors below
what's up? if it's massive spiders again i want breakfast before i c "he frowned at the sign on regulus's door, in which hermione was silently pointing
"whether he'd manage to destroy it or not, he'd want to keep it hidden from voldemort, wouldn't he? remember all those awful things we had to get rid of when we were here last time? that clock that shot bolts at everyone and those old robes that tried to strangle ron; regulus might have put them there to protect the locket's hiding place, even though we didn't realize it at
"what did regulus say when you told him what happened?"master regulus was very worried, very worried," croaked kreacher
wizarding wills are examined by the ministry, remember? they'll know sirius left you the place
the intruder took a step forward, and moody's voice asked, "severus snape?" then the dust figure rose from the end of the hall and rushed him, raising its dead hand
hold your fire, it's me, remus!"oh, thank goodness," said hermione weakly, pointing her wand at mrs. black instead; with a bang, the curtains swished shut again and silence fell
"so, you came straight here after the wedding?"no," said harry, "only after we ran into a couple of death eaters in a caf on tottenham court road
we wondered," said hermione tentatively, "whether harry could still have the trace on him?"impossible," said lupin
"apart from anything else, they'd know for sure harry was here if he still had the trace on him, wouldn't they? but i can't see how they could have tracked you to tottenham court road, that's worrying, really worrying
"the death eaters got through all those protective charms?"harry asked, remembering how effective these had been on the night he had crashed in tonks's parents' garden
"and are they bothering to give an excuse for torturing harry's whereabouts out of people?" asked hermione, an edge to her voice
"can you confide in me what the mission is?"harry looked into the prematurely lined face, framed in thick but graying hair, and wished that he could return a different answer
call 'im off, call 'im off, 'e should be locked up!" screamed mundungus, cowering as kreacher raised the heavy-bottomed pan again
what's happened?" ron asked apprehensively
"but you never told us that!"hermione dropped her spoon and pulled toward her the sheaf of notes and maps that she and ron had been examining when harry had entered the kitchen
"you're on the list of muggle-borns who didn't present themselves for interrogation!"and you're supposed to be dying of spattergroit at the burrow! if anyone shouldn't go, it's harry, he's got a ten-thousand-galleon price on his head c "fine, i'll stay here," said harry
weird he wasn't wearing them today, wasn't it, seeing how much he wanted to go? anyway, i'm reg cattermole, according to the label in the back
we don't know who he is," hermione said, passing harry several curly black hairs, "but he's gone home with a dreadful nosebleed! here, he's pretty tall, you'll need bigger robes
morning, reg!" called another wizard in navy blue robes as he let himself into a cubicle by inserting his golden token into a slot in the door
someone in the crowd around the lifts called sycophantically, "morning, yaxley!" yaxley ignored them
what, has she got magic ears as well as an eye, now?"the witch glanced toward the shining mahogany door facing the space full of pamphlet-makers; harry looked too, and the rage reared in him like a snake
harry!"hermione, if you think i was going to sit here and let her pretend c "harry, mrs. cattermole!"harry whirled around, throwing off the invisibility cloak; down below, the dementors had moved out of their corners; they were gliding toward the woman chained to the chair: whether because the patronus had vanished or because they sensed that their masters were no longer in control, they seemed to have abandoned restraint
diffindo!" nothing happened
"harry," said hermione, "how are we going to get out of here with all those dementors outside the door?"patronuses," said harry, pointing his wand at his own
"expecto patronum!"a silver otter burst from the end of hermione's wand and swam gracefully through the air to join the stag
i think we'd better do it, reg, i really do, let's hurry home and fetch the children and c why are you so wet?"water," muttered ron, disengaging himself
come on!" harry shouted at hermione; he seized her hand and they jumped into the fireplace together as yaxley's curse sailed over harry's head
what's happened to him?"splinched," said hermione, her fingers already busy at ron's sleeve, where the blood was wettest and darkest
i thought this belonged to that bloke perkins at the ministry?" he asked, starting to disentangle the pent pegs
what d'you reckon happened to the cattermoles?"with any luck, they'll have got away," said hermione, clutching her hot mug for comfort
would the elf keep silent or would he tell the death eater everything he knew? harry wanted to believe that kreacher had changed towards him in the past month, that he would be loyal now, but who knew what would happen? what if the death eaters tortured the elf? sick images swarmed into harry's head and he tried to push these away too, for there was nothing he could do for kreacher: he and hermione had already decided against trying to summon him; what if someone from the ministry came too? they could not count on elfish apparition being free from the same flaw that had taken yaxley to grimmauld place on the hem of hermione's sleeve
what's you-know-who doing?"harry screwed up his eyes in the effort to remember every detail, then whispered into the darkness
but dumbledore would have found it, harry!"harry repeated the argument he kept bringing out in favor of this theory
we could try digging in to foundations?" hermione suggested halfheartedly
"didn't manage to lock a death eater up in one of the old high-security vaults, i suppose?"if i had, the sword would not have helped him break out," replied griphook
if somebody swapped the real sword for the face while it was in dumbledore's office," she panted, as they propped the painting against the side of the tent, "phineas nigellus would have seen it happen, he hangs right beside the case!"unless he was asleep," said harry, but he still held his breath as hermione knelt down in front of the empty canvas, her wand directed at its center, cleared her throat, then said:"er c phineas? phineas nigellus?"nothing happened
at one, hermione cried:"obscura!"a black blindfold appeared over phineas nigellus's clever, dark eyes, causing him to bump into the frame and shriek with pain
"you said it too, you said you were disappointed, you said you'd thought he had a bit more to go on than c "i didn't say it like that c harry, i didn't!" she cried
"ron, no c please c come back, come back!"she was impeded by her own shield charm; by the time she had removed it he had already stormed into the night
hermione, i've been thinking, and c "harry, could you help me with something?"apparently she had not been listening to him
"was there something you wanted to tell us?"giving no sign that she had heard hermione, bathilda now shuffled a few steps closer to harry
and there she stood, the child in her arms. at the sight of him, she dropped her son into the crib behind her and threw her arms wide, as if this would help, as if in shielding him from sight she hoped to be chosen instead
he did not like it crying, he had never been able to stomach the small ones whining in the orphanage c"avada kedavra!"and then he broke
what, unconscious?"not exactly," said hermione uncomfortably
so what was albus doing, if not comforting his wild young brother? the answer, it seems, is ensuring the continued imprisonment of his sister
yes, even after they'd spent all day in discussion c both such brilliant young boys, they got on like a cauldron on fire c i'd sometimes hear an owl tapping at gellert's bedroom window, delivering a letter from albus! an idea would have struck him and he had to let gellert know immediately!"and what ideas they were
their protective enchantments had worked for weeks; why should they break now? and yet he could no throw off the feeling that something was different tonight
"i've been looking for you for hours, it's a big forest, isn't it? and i was just thinking i'd have to go kip under a tree and wait for morning when i saw that dear coming and you following
ron!" he shouted, but the riddle-harry was now speaking with voldemort's voice and ron was gazing, mesmerized, into its face
protego!"the invisible shield erupted between ron and hermione
i wanted to come back the minute i'd disapparated, but i walked straight into a gang of snatchers, hermione, and i couldn't go anywhere!"a gang of what?" asked harry, as hermione threw herself down into a chair with her arms and legs crossed so tightly it seemed unlikely that she would unravel them for several years
"and what exactly did i say?" asked hermione, her tone somewhere between skepticism and curiosity
it was a ball of light, kind of pulsing, and bluish, like that light you get around a portkey, you know?"yeah," said harry and hermione together automatically
did you just say now that you got away from the snatchers with a spare wand?"what?" said ron, who had been watching hermione examining the locket
sorry?"xenophilius lovegood, luna's father
"now," he remove a tottering pile of papers from an armchair and sat down, his wellingtoned legs crossed, "how may i help you, mr. potter?"well," said harry, glancing at hermione, who nodded encouragingly, "it's about that symbol you were wearing around your neck at bill and fleur's wedding, mr. lovegood
how many cloaks have you ever seen like that, miss granger?"hermione opened her mouth to answer, then closed it again, looking more confused than ever
"surely you have heard of the way the wand came to egbert the egregious, after his slaughter of emeric the evil? of how godelot died in his own cellar after his son, hereward, took the wand from him? of the dreadful loxias, who took the wand from baraabas deverill, whom he had killed? the bloody trail of the elder wand is splattered across the pages of wizarding history
why, that the three brothers in the story were actually the three peverell brothers, antioch, cadmus and ignotus! that they were the original owners of the hallows!"with another glance at the window he got to his feet, picked up the tray, and headed for the spiral staircase
some wizards just like to boast that theirs are bigger and better than other people's"but how do you know," said harry, "that those wants c the deathstick, and the wand of destiny c aren't the same want, surfacing over the centuries under different names?"what if they're all really the elder wand, made by death?" said ron
his wand, he reminded himself, had been of holly, not elder, and it had been made by ollivander, whatever it had done that night voldemort had pursued him across the skies and if it had been unbeatable, how could it have been broken? "so why would you take the stone?" ron asked him
potter's upstairs!"homenum revelio
if surviving was as simple as hiding under the invisibility cloak, we'd have everything we need already!"i don't know
there's no such thing, harry!"you said there have been loads of wands c the deathstick and whatever they were called c"all right, even if you want to kid yourself the elder wand's real, what about the resurrection stone?" her fingers sketched quotation marks around the name, and her tone dripped sarcasm
"harry you're trying to fit everything into the hallows story c"fit everything in?" he repeated
"what did dumbledore do with it after he broke it open?"but harry's imagination was racing ahead, far beyond ron and hermione's
and then, with a gasp, he remembered c"dumbledore had my cloak the night my parents died!"his voice shook and he could feel the color in his face, but he did not care
had lupin forgiven him, then, for the terrible things he had said when they had last met?"and what would you say to harry if you knew he was listening, romulus?"i'd tell him we're all with him in spirit," said lupin, then hesitated slightly, "and i'd tell him to follow his instincts, which are good and nearly always right
where did you get something like this?"it's my father's," harry lied, hoping against hope that it was too dark for greyback to see the name etched just below the hilt
what's that on your forehead, vernon?" he asked softly, his breath foul in harry's nostrils as he pressed a filthy finger to the taught scar
"it's them, potter's friends c draco, look at him, isn't it arthur weasley's son, what's his name c?"yeah," said draco again, his back to the prisoners
hermione!" ron bellowed, and he started to writhe and struggle against the ropes tying them together, so that harry staggered
"draco, fetch the goblin, he can tell us whether the sword is real or not!"harry dashed across the cellar to where griphook was huddled on the floor
"noooooooooooo!"ron had burst into the drawing room; bellatrix looked around, shocked; she turned her wand to face ron instead c"expelliarmus!" he roared, pointing wormtail's wand at bellatrix, and hers flew into the air and was caught by harry, who had sprinted after ron
kill him, cissy!" shrieked bellatrix, but there was another loud crack, and narcissa's wand too flew into the air and landed on the other side of the room
"did you know that we've wanted elves to be freed for years?" (ron fidgeted uncomfortably on the arm of hermione's chair
"but i thought we were looking for places you-know-who's been, places he's done something important?" said ron, looking baffled
"so, it isn't necessary to kill the previous owner to take the possession of a wand?" asked harry
"you told you-know-who that gregorovitch had the wand?"it was a rumor," whispered ollivander
you can see how good it would be for business; that he was studying and duplicating the qualities of the elder wand!"yes, i can see that," said harry
had the old fool imagined that marble or death would protect the wand? had he thought that the dark lord would be scared to violate his tomb? the spiderlike hand swooped and pulled the wand from dumbledore's grasp, and as he took it, a shower of sparks flew from its tip, sparkling over the corpse of its last owner, ready to serve a new master at last
ron, please, don't start that again!"look at the facts, hermione," said ron, speaking across harry, who continued to gaze at the horizon
okay," said ron, and harry turned back to face him, "how's this? we tell griphook we need the sword until we get inside the c and then he can have it
"he's the only one who realized there had been a swap!"yeah, but we could c caper before he realizes c"he quailed beneath the look hermione was giving him
harry experienced a thrill of fear; what had happened? "i am a werewolf, married to nymphadora tonks, and you, the secret-keeper of shell cottage, told me the address and bade me come in an emergency!"lupin," muttered bill, and he ran to the door and wrenched it open
"this is the wand that tortured neville's mum and dad, and who knows how many other people? this is the wand that killed sirius!"harry had not thought of that: he looked down at the wand and was visited by a brutal urge to snap it, to slice it in half with gryffindor's sword, which was propped against the wall beside him
there," said hermione, "how does he look, harry?"it was just not possible to discern ron under his disguise, but only, harry thought because he knew him so well
i should climb up now, harry potter, i think?"harry bent down and the goblin clambered onto his back, his hands linked on front of harry's throat
hermione had drawn herself up to full height and said with as much contempt as she could muster:"and what do you want?"travers stopped in his tracks, clearly affronted
"he speaks very little english, but he is in sympathy with the dark lord's aims. he has traveled here from transylvania to see our new regime
"gold, filthy gold! we cannot live without it, yet i confess i deplore the necessity of consorting with our long-fingered friends
but you've just done that!" said hermione in bellatrix's commanding, arrogant voice
what are you making him do?"hide," said harry as he pointed his wand at bogrod, who whistled to summon a little cart that came trundling along the tracks toward them out of the darkness
"it washes away all enchantment, all magical concealment! they know there are imposers in gringotts, they have set off defenses against us!"harry saw hermione checking that she still had the beaded bag, and hurriedly thrust his own hand under his jacket to make sure he had not lost the invisibility cloak
and we need the clankers!"imperio!" harry said again; his voice echoed through the stone passage as he felt again the sense of heady control that flowed from brain to wand
if i can just poke the sword through a handle c but how am i going to get up there?"the shelf on which the cup reposed was out of reach for any of them, even ron, who was tallest
we'll never get out, it's too big!" hermione screamed, but the dragon opened its mouth and belched flame again, blasting the tunnel, whose floors and ceiling cracked and crumbled
what if, what if, the boy knew about the others? could he know, had he already acted, had he traced more of them? was dumbledore at the root of this? dumbledore, who had always suspected him; dumbledore, dead on his orders; dumbledore, whose wand was his now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, the boy -but surely if the boy had destroyed any of his horcruxes, he, lord voldemort, would have known, would have felt it? he, the greatest wizard of them all; he, the most powerful; he, the killer of dumbledore and of how many other worthless, nameless men
how could the boy know that he had hidden the ring in the gaunt shack? no one had ever known him to be related to the gaunts, he had hidden the connection, the killings had never been traced to him
i think he'll check that one last, but he could still be there within hours c "did you see where in hogwarts it is?" asked ron, now scrambling to his feet too
i reckon they've done something to keep us here, trap us c "what about dementors?" called another death eater
didn't i understand, my poor sister wouldn't have to be hidden once they'd changed the world, and led the wizards out of hiding, and taught the muggles their place?"and there was an argument
"but," said ron, looking thoroughly confused, "aren't c aren't we heading straight back for hogwarts?"'course," said neville
"surpassed itself, hasn't it? the carrows were chasing me, and i knew i had just one chance for a hideout: i managed to get through the door and this is what i found! well, it wasn't exactly like this when i arrived, it was a load smaller, there was only one hammock and just gryffindor hangings
neville's the man!"it's quite straightforward, really," said neville modestly
"what we're doing will benefit everyone in the end, it's all about trying to get rid of you-know-who c "then let us help!" said neville angrily
where do vanished objects go?"into non being, which is to say, everything," replied professor mcgonagall
"excuse me?"amycus moved forward until he was offensively close to professor mcgonagall, his face within inches of hers
"potter!" whispered professor mcgonagall, clutching her heart
"is that possible?"i think so," said professor mcgonagall dryly, "we teachers are rather good at magic, you know
you mean he's dead?" harry sprinted to the window, ignoring flitwick's and sprout's yells of shock at his sudden appearance
?"our headmaster is taking a short break," said professor mcgonagall, pointing at the snape-shaped hole in the window
professor!" harry shouted his hand on his forehead, he could see the inferi-filled lake sliding beneath him, and he felt a ghostly green boat bump into the underground shore, and voldemort lept from it with murder in his heart c"professor, we've got to barricade the school, he's coming now!"very well
"you realize , of course, that nothing we do will be able to keep out you-know-who indefinitely?" squeaked flitwick
and now c piertotum locomator!" cried professor mcgonagall
"what's going on?"they're evacuating the younger kids and everyone's meeting in the great hall to get organized," harry said
"why doesn't ginny stay here , then at least she'll be on the scene and know what's going on, but she won't be in the middle of the fighting?"i c"that's a good idea," said mr. weasley firmly, "ginny, you stay in this room, you hear me?"ginny did not seem to like the idea much, but under her father's unusually stern gaze, she nodded
then a figure rose from the slytherin table and he recognized pansy parkinson as she raised a shaking arm and screamed, "but he's there! potter's there
ravenclaws, follow on!" cried professor mcgonagall
and how could the horcrux be the diadem? how was it possible that voldemort, the slytherin, had found the diadem that had eluded generations of ravenclaws? who could have told him where to look, when nobody had seen the diadem in living memory?in living memory
"i'll se yer in a moment, there's a good lad!"beyond hagrid, out in the dark night, harry saw bursts of light in the distance and heard a weird, keening scream
potter!"aberforth dumbledore stood blocking the corridor ahead, his wand held ready
"so what's new with you?"as he said it, there was an explosion from overhead: all three of them looked up as dust fell from the ceiling and they heard a distant scream
"she'll look after him c have you seen remus?"he was planning to lead a group of fighters into the grounds c "without another word, tonks sped off
"are you talking to someone?"with a whiplike movement, crabbe pointed his wand at the fifty foot mountain of old furniture, of broken trunks, of old books and robes and unidentifiable junk, and shouted, "descendo!"the wall began to totter, then the top third crumbled into the aisle next door where ron stood
rounding the corner, percy let out a bull-like roar: "rookwood!" and sprinted off in the direction of a tall man, who was pursuing a couple of students
listen to me c listen ron!"i wanna help c i wanna kill death eaters c"his face was contorted, smeared with dust and smoke, and he was shaking with rage and grief
potter!"two masked death eaters stood there, but even before their wands were fully raised, hermione shouted "glisseo!"the stairs beneath their feet flattened into a chute and she, harry, and ron hurtled down it, unable to control their speed but so fast that the death eaters' stunning spells flew far over their heads
argh!"a fistful of tubers had hit the cloak over ron's head; the damp green roots were suspended improbably in midair as ron tried to shake them loose
no!" shrieked hermione, and with a deafening blast from her wand, fenrir greyback was thrown backward from the feebly struggling body of lavender brown
run!" harry roared; the night was full of hideous yells and blows as the giants wrestled, and he seized hermione's hand and tore down the steps into the grounds, ron bringing up the rear
"are you a wizard, or what?"oh c right c yeah c"ron looked around, then directed his wand at a twig on the ground and said "winguardium leviosa!" the twig flew up from the ground, spun through the air as if caught by a gust of wind, then zoomed directly at the trunk through the willow's ominously swaying branches
wizard!" she shrieked, her courage returned now that she had recovered from the shock of his unexpected appearance
then professor mcgonagall said, "evans, lily!"he watched his mother walk forward on trembling legs and sit down upon the rickety stool
"it was a laugh, that's all c "it was dark magic, and if you think that's funny c "what about the stuff potter and his mates get up to?" demanded snape
i didn't mean c i just don't want to see you made a fool of c he fancies you, james potter fancies you!" the words seemed wrenched from him against his will
"lord voldemort foresees a moment in the near future when he will not need a spy at hogwarts?"he believes the school will soon be in his grasp, yes
after you have killed me, severus c "you refuse to tell me everything, yet you expect that small service of me!" snarled snape, and real anger flared in the thin face now
and while we are talking about services you owe me, i thought you agreed to keep a close eye on our young slytherin friend?"snape looked angry, mutinous
would it hurt to die? all those times he had thought that it was about to happen and escaped, he had never really thought of the thing itself: his will to live had always been so much stronger than his fear of death
"blimey, harry, you nearly gave me heart failure!"harry had pulled off the cloak: the idea had come to him out of nowhere, born out of a desire to make absolutely sure
precisely!" said dumbledore
"king's cross station!" dumbledore was chuckling immoderately
"and voldemort never knew about the hallows?"i do not think so, because he did not recognize the resurrection stone he turned into a horcrux
it is neville longbottom, my lord! the boy who has been giving the carrows so much trouble! the son of the aurors, remember?"ah, yes, i remember," said voldemort, looking down at neville, who was struggling back to his feet, unarmed and unprotected, standing in the no-man's-land between the survivors and the death eaters
the house-elves of hogwarts swarmed into the entrance hall, screaming and waving carving knives and cleaver, and at their head, the locker of regulus black bouncing on his chest, was kreacher, his bullfrog's voice audible even above this din: "fight! fight! fight for my master, defender of house-elves! fight the dark lord, in the name of brave regulus! fight!"they were hacking and stabbing at the ankles and shim of death eaters their tiny faces alive with malice, and everywhere harry looked death eaters were folding under sheer weight of numbers, overcome by spells, dragging arrows from wounds, stabbed in the leg by elves, or else simply attempting to escape, but swallowed by the oncoming horde
not my daughter, you bitch!"mrs. weasley threw off her cloak as she ran, freeing her arms, bellatrix spun on the spot, roaring with laughter at the sight of the new challenger
what will happen to your children when i've killed you?" taunted bellatrix, as mad as her master, capering as molly's curses danced around her
do you agree?"my dear boy, i do," said dumbledore, while his fellow pictures looked confused and curious
"don't try to turn them against each other before they've even started school!"you're right, sorry," said ron, but unable to help himself, he added, "don't get too friendly with him, though, rosie
"i don't mind sharing with al c teddy could have my room!"no," said harry firmly, "you and al will share a room only when i want the house demolished
outside, yeah, but at school he's professor longbottom, isn't he? i can't walk into herbology and give him love
