"oh." dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel
surely that meant they'd try again? and this time he'd make sure they didn't fail
"sony?" barked hagrid, turning to stare at the dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows
he was gettin' more an' more powerful  why'd he go? "some say he died
"n-not that you n-need it, eh, p-p-potter?" he laughed nervously
"i say, look at that man!" said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window
"and what are slytherin and hufflepuff?" "school houses
"which is your wand arm?" "er  well, i'm right-handed," said harry
"er  uncle vernon?" uncle vernon grunted to show he was listening
what on earth was he going to do? he was starting to attract a lot of funny looks, because of hedwig
"anyone sitting there?" he asked, pointing at the seat opposite harry
"hungry, are you?" "starving," said harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty
"what are these?" harry asked ron, holding up a pack of chocolate frogs
"well, it's not very good, is it? i've tried a few simple spells just for practice and it's all worked for me
"about to be sorted, i suppose?" a few people nodded mutely
"nearly headless? how can you be nearly headless?" sir nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn't going at all the way he wanted
"how did he get covered in blood?" asked seamus with great interest
"he's not serious?" he muttered to percy
" great food, isn't it?" ron muttered to harry through the hangings
"idiot boy!" snarled snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand
was that your first time on a broomstick, potter?" harry nodded silently
"ever seen a game of quidditch, potter?" he asked excitedly
"having a last meal, potter? when are you getting the train back to the muggles?" "you're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got your little friends with you," said harry coolly
"so  that's sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn't it?" "what's basketball?" said wood curiously
"er  have the bludgers ever killed anyone?" harry asked, hoping he sounded offhand
"oh, well done!" cried professor flitwick, clapping
"oy, pea-brain!" yelled ron from the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it
why aren't you in your dormitory?" snape gave harry a swift, piercing look
hermione granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher? "if they hadn't found me, i'd be dead now
"foul!" screamed the gryffindors
now, why don't you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed?" harry stood up
"sir  professor dumbledore? can i ask you something?" "obviously, you've just done so," dumbledore smiled
"the sorting hat chose you for gryffindor, didn't it? and where's malfoy? in stinking slytherin
"stay there!" she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls' dormitories
"i'm warning you, malfoy  one more word "ron!" said hermione suddenly, "harry " "what? where?" harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd
"an' what're you lot up ter?" he looked suddenly suspicious
"so  yeh wanted to ask me somethin'?" "yes," said harry
"where did you get it, hagrid?" said ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg
"i'm ron, remember?" "no  charlie  your brother, charlie
"how about it, hagrid?" and in the end, hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to charlie to ask him
i bet you'll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won't you, eh?" he said, leering at them
"the forest?" he repeated, and he didn't sound quite as cool as usual
"show yerself  i'm armed!" and into the clearing came  was it a man, or a horse? to the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse's gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail
"firenze!" bane thundered
"do you not see that unicorn?" firenze bellowed at bane
"don't you think it's a bit odd," said harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, "that what hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket? how many people wander around with dragon eggs if it's against wizard law? lucky they found hagrid, don't you think? why didn't i see it before?" "what are you talking about?" said ron, but harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didn't answer
you know that night you won norbert? what did the stranger you were playing cards with look like?" "dunno," said hagrid casually, "he wouldn' take his cloak off
"well, hurry up, i can't breathe!" harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest
"they're keys! winged keys  look carefully
"ready?" ron called, his face pale but determined
"it's not poison?" said harry anxiously
but where is it?" harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn't give
"well?" said quirrell impatiently
dare he make a break for it? but he hadn't walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though quirrell wasn't moving his lips
"then who does? sir, i " "harry, please relax, or madam pomfrey will have me thrown out
"destroyed?" said harry blankly
"flamel's just going to die?" "that's what i said, but dumbledore thinks that  what was it?  'to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure
"and you?" said uncle vernon viciously to harry
"and you, boy?" harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged
what wouldn't he give now for a message from hogwarts? from any witch or wizard? he'd almost be glad of a sight of his archenemy, draco malfoy, just to be sure it hadn't all been a dream
"see why i've got to go back to hogwarts? it's the only place i've got -well, i think i've got friends
"that ruddy owl!" "i've forgotten hedwig!" harry tore back across the room as the landing light clicked on - he snatched up hedwig's cage, dashed to the window, and passed it out to ron
"so - what's the story, harry?" said ron impatiently
nine! and old mundungus fletcher tried to put a hex on me when i had my back turned
"just so you could carry on tinkering with all that muggle rubbish in your shed! and for your information, harry arrived this morning in the car you weren't intending to fly!" "harry?" said mr. weasley blankly
"five sets of lockhart books! and ginny needs robes and a wand and everything
, s "but you're muggles!" said mr. weasley delightedly
"maybe he's left," said ha-rry, "because he missed out on the defense against dark arts job again!" "or he might have been sacked!" said ron enthusiastically
but miss hermione granger knew my secret ambition is to rid the world of evil and market my own range of hair-care potions - good girl! in fact" - he flipped her paper over - "full marks! where is miss hermione granger?" ** hermione raised a trembling hand
"quite excellent! take ten points for gryffindor! and so - to business -" he bent down behind his desk and lifted a large, covered cage onto it
"now - be warned! it is my job to arm you against the foulest creatures known to wizardkind! you may find yourselves facing your worst fears in this room
"well, they're not - they're not very - dangerous, are they?" seamus choked
"don't be so sure!" said lockhart, waggling a finger annoyingly at seamus
"what's that funny clicking noise?" called fred as they hurtled around the corner
"flint!" wood bellowed at the slytherin captain
** * "it's a simple matter if you know what you're doing!" lockhart was saying loudly to hagrid
how come i haven't got one?" furious, harry wrenched his teeth apart
"gettin' on well, aren't they?" said hagrid happily
"mess and muck everywhere! i've had enough of it, i tell you! follow me, potter!" so harry waved a gloomy good-bye to nearly headless nick and followed filch back downstairs, doubling the number of muddy footprints on the floor
"shall we have a look around?" harry suggested, wanting to warm up his feet
"why go up to that corridor?" ron and hermione looked at harry
"have you ever seen spiders act like that?" said hermione wonderingly
"get - away - from - there -" perry said, striding toward them and starting to bustle them along, flapping his arms. "don't you care what this looks like? coming back here while everyone's at dinner -" "why shouldn't we be here?" said ron hotly, stopping short and glaring at percy
** "they couldve had the key to the chamber of secrets for centuries!" said ron
you enjoyed it?" "oh, yes," said hermione eagerly
"why d'you wear that thing, dobby?" he asked curiously
"i don't suppose you're going to tell me why you wanted me sent home in pieces?" "ah, if harry potter only knew!" dobby groaned, more tears dripping onto his ragged pillowcase
"good gracious!" said madam pomfrey
"d'you know what i think? he was in such a foul temper after the quidditch match, he took it out on colin
"all righ', harry?" he said, pulling up the balaclava so he could speak
"any ideas?" muttered harry
"well?" said malfoy impatiently as harry handed the clipping back to him
"azkaban?" said harry, puzzled
"i wonder why someone wanted to flush it away?" said ron curiously
"well, the chamber of secrets was opened fifty years ago, wasn't it?" he said
"oy, you! 'arty potter!" shouted a particularly grim-looking dwarf, elbowing people out of the way to get to harry
"do you think we should go and ask hagrid about it all?" "that'd be a cheerful visit," said ron
"what're we going to do?" said ron quietly in harry's ear
"get outta my house!" "my dear man, please believe me, i have no pleasure at all in being inside your - er - d'you call this a house?" said lucius malfoy, sneering as he looked around the small cabin
"and what exactly did you want with me, lucius?" said dumbledore
"don't you people realize," said lockhart, speaking slowly, as though they were all a bit dim, "the danger has passed! the culprit has been taken away -" "says who?" said dean thomas loudly
"are you okay?" ron stared straight ahead, unable to speak
"he always thinks monsters aren't as bad as they're made out, and look where it's got him! a cell in azkaban!" he was shivering uncontrollably now
"is it something about the chamber of secrets? have you seen something? someone acting oddly?" ginny drew a deep breath and, at that precise moment, percy weasley appeared, looking tired and wan
but just as they were congratulating each other on their brilliant scheme "potter! weasley! what are you doing?" it was professor mcgonagall, and her mouth was the thinnest of thin lines
"go back to the dormitory?" "no," said harry, glancing around
"no one regrets more than i -" "you're the defense against the dark arts teacher!" said harry
"tinny!" harry muttered, sprinting to her and dropping to his knees
"what d'you mean, she won't wake?" harry said desperately
"and you framed him, didn't you? i thought you made a mistake, but -" riddle laughed his high laugh again
but was this dying? instead of going black, the chamber seemed to be coming back into focus
what have i always told you? never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain? why didn't you show the diary to me, or your mother? a suspicious object like that, it was clearly full of dark magic =' "i d-didn't know," sobbed ginny
"voldemort put a bit of himself in me?" harry said, thunderstruck
"harry potter set dobby free!" "least i could do, dobby," said harry, grinning
harry didn't know whether the best bit was hermione running toward him, screaming "you solved it! you solved it!" or justin hurrying over from the hufflepuff table to wring
seven hundred galleons! most of it's gone on this trip, but they're going to buy me a new wand for next year
"marge, are you all right?" "not to worry," grunted aunt marge, mopping her face with her napkin
"what were you doin' down there?" said stan, dropping his professional manner
"them!" said stan contemptuously
"don' listen properly, do they? don' look properly either
"what, voldemort?" said harry, without thinking
'cos 'e's mad, inee, ern? inee mad?" "if he weren't when he went to azkaban, he will be now," said ern in his slow voice
"they 'ad a job coverin' it up, din' they, ern?" stan said
"have you?" a look of enormous relief spread over the manager's face
"and how come you knew i'm staying at the leaky cauldron?" "dad," said ron simply
"scabbers!" ron shouted, racing out of the shop after him; harry followed
"he needs rest and relaxation! how's he going to get it with that thing around?" "that reminds me, you forgot your rat tonic," said hermione, slapping the small red bottle into ron's hand
i hope you're well?" said percy pompously, shaking hands
"why?" said percy curiously
"but they'll catch him, won't they?" said hermione earnestly
"what does he need?" said professor mcgonagall crisply
"oh, tremendously funny!" said malfoy
"right  yeh can touch him! pat his beak, go on!" feeling that a better reward would have been to back away, harry moved slowly toward the hippogriff and reached out toward it
"i'm going to see if he's okay!" said pansy, and they all watched her run up the marble staircase
"seen your pal hagrid lately?" he asked them quietly
"don't you know, potter?" breathed malfoy, his pate eyes narrowed
"and a handbag?" prompted professor lupin
"we'll do it, oliver!" said angelina
"i should have known!" said lavender tragically
no form, no visiting the village, so don't forget!" neville put up his hand
"staying here, potter?" shouted malfoy, who was standing in line with crabbe and goyle
"what are you doing?" said lupin, though in a very different voice from filch
"i want everyone in their sleeping bags and no more talking!" the candles all went out at once
"have you any theory as to how he got in, professor?" asked snape
"can't we get anyone else?" "none of the other pictures wanted the job," said percy
"we're not playing slytherin!" he told them, looking very angry
"he's that tall, good-looking one, isn't he?" said angelina
"ah, if only my arm was feeling a bit better!" he sighed as the gale outside pounded the windows
"what happened?" he said, sitting up so suddenly they all gasped
"where is wood?" said harry, suddenly realizing he wasn't there
"keep your voice down!" "how was i ter know he wasn' upset abou' lily an' james? it was you-know-who he cared abou'! an' then he says, 'give harry ter me, hagrid, i'm his godfather, i'll look after him ' ha! but i'd had me orders from dumbledore, an' i told black no, dumbledore said harry was ter go ter his aunt an' uncle's
"but what do you think he's broken out to do?" said madam rosmerta
"you're going to take malfoy's advice instead of ours?" said ron furiously
"look," said ron, obviously casting around for a change of subject, "it's the holidays! it's nearly christmas! let's  let's go down and see hagrid
"them disposal devils, they're all in lucius malfoy's pocket! scared o' him! ad if i lose the case, buckbeak " hagrid drew his finger swiftly across his throat, then gave a great wail and lurched forward, his face in his arms. "what about dumbledore, hagrid?" said harry
"oy! presents!" harry reached for his glasses and put them on, squinting through the semi-darkness to the foot of his bed, where a small heap of parcels had appeared
he can't go giving students stuff like this " "that's why he wouldn't say it was from him!" said ron
hey, harry"  ron gave a great whoop of laughter  "malfoy! wait till he sees you on this! he'll be sick as a pig! this is an international standard broom, this is!" "i can't believe this," harry muttered, running a hand along the firebolt, while ron sank onto harry's bed, laughing his head off at the thought of malfoy
"what does a patronus look like?" said harry curiously
"something happened!" "very good," said lupin, smiling
"ready?" said lupin, who looked as though he were doing this against his better judgment
"excellent!" lupin said, striding over to where harry sat
"oh no, it's wonderful!" said hermione earnestly
"remember, harry?" "yeah, that's true," said harry
"look at the curtains! i tell you, he was here!" they all scrambled out of bed; harry reached the dormitory door first, and they sprinted back down the staircase
"who shouted?" "what're you doing?" the common room was lit with the glow of the dying fire, still littered with the debris from the party
"harry! i forgot you weren't going to hogsmeade either!" "hi, neville," said harry, moving swiftly away from the statue and pushing the map back into his pocket
"where are you?" ron kept muttering out of the corner of his mouth
"surely you don't need such a very old piece of parchment?" he said
"is this another treasured gift from mr. weasley? or is it  something else? a letter, perhaps, written in invisible ink? or  instructions to get into hogsmeade without passing the dementors?" harry blinked
"i want a word!" utterly bewildered, harry stared at the fire
"you called, severus?" said lupin mildly
"why did snape think i'd got it from the manufacturers?" "because
his heart plummeted  had she told professor mcgonagall? "come to have a good gloat?" said ron savagely as she stopped in front of them
"oh, ron!" hermione flung her arms around ron's neck and broke down completely
"don't give up yet, we're working on it!" they were walking back up to the castle with the rest of the class
"have you ever seen anything quite as pathetic?" said malfoy
"i give up! i'm leaving!" and to the whole class's amazement, hermione strode over to the trapdoor, kicked it open, and climbed down the ladder out of sight
"ooooo, professor trelawney, i've just remembered! you saw her leaving, didn't you? didn't you, professor? 'around easter, one of our number will leave us forever!' you said it ages ago, professor!" professor trelawney gave her a dewy smile
"er  are you sure you've copied down these times right?" "what?" snapped hermione, picking up the exam schedule and examining it
"then you might not have to witness an execution at a!" said eon stoutly
"scabbers, what are you doing here?" he grabbed the struggling rat and held him up to the light
did you check the lunar chart and realize that i was always ill at the full moon? or did you realize that the boggart changed into the moon when it saw me?" "both," hermione said quietly
"do you think i could have a look at the rat?" he said evenly
"what's scabbers got to do with it?" "everything," said lupin
"could i see him, please?" ron hesitated, then put a hand inside his robes
"peter pettigrew's dead!" said harry
"like father, like son, potter! i have just saved your neck; you should be thanking me on bended knee! you would have been well served if he'd killed you! you'd have died like your father, too arrogant to believe you might be mistaken in black  now get out of the way, or i will make you
how many times had i seen him transform? and the caption said the boy would be going back to hogwarts
"because he knew you were about to kill him like you killed my parents!" "no," said lupin, "harry-" "and now you've come to finish him off!" "yes, i have," said black, with an evil look at scabbers
if he's working for you-know-who, how come he never tried to hurt harry before now?" "there!" said pettigrew shrilly, pointing at ron with his maimed hand
"turning pettigrew in?" "you' re free," said harry
"no!" "black had bewitched them, i saw it immediately
"we're not confunded!" harry roared
potter is my patient, and he should not be distressed!" "i'm not distressed, i'm trying to tell them what happened!" harry said furiously
"good luck?" harry repeated as the door closed behind dumbledore
yes, i think it's us going down to hagrid's!" "are you telling me," harry whispered, "that we're here in this cupboard and we're out there too?" "yes," said hermione, her ear still glued to the cupboard door
"there's ron!" said harry suddenly
"looks even worse from here, doesn't it?" said harry, watching the dog pulling ron into the roots
"but who conjured it?" harry didn't say anything
"how can i ever thank " "go!" harry and hermione shouted together
"in here!" they tore into a deserted classroom to their left just in time
when this gets out " "he didn't disapparate!" snape roared, now very close at hand
"control yourself!" "see here, snape, be reasonable," said fudge
"you're the best defense against the dark arts- teacher we've ever had!" said harry
"why so miserable, harry?" he said quietly
"who'd have thought it? that brings her total of real predictions up to two
how could dumbledore take this so calmly? "but  i stopped sirius and professor lupin from killing pettigrew! that makes it my fault if voldemort comes back!" "it does not," said dumbledore quietly
it was i who sent you the firebolt  "ha!" said hermione triumphantly
"you haven't got a godfather!" "yes, i have," said harry brightly
"your scar hurt? harry, that's really serious
"quidditch - what is this rubbish?" harry felt a second stab of annoyance
"really?" said mr. weasley's voice excitedly
"tell me what, arthur?" mr. weasley hesitated
"wow - hope it does this time!" said harry enthusiastically
"and where have those girls got to?" she bustled out of the kitchen and they heard her climbing the stairs
"what, are we walking to the world cup?" "no, no, that's miles away," said mr. weasley, smiling
"what is that in your pocket?" "nothing!" "don't you lie to me!" mrs. weasley pointed her wand at george's pocket and said, "accio!" several small, brightly colored objects zoomed out of george's pocket; he made a grab for them but missed, and they sped right into mrs. weasley's outstretched hand
"accio! accio! accio!" she shouted, and toffees zoomed from all sorts of unlikely places, including the lining of george's jacket and the turn-ups of fred's jeans
"all these yours, arthur?" "oh no, only the redheads," said mr. weasley, pointing out his children
"there aren't any more of us in this area, are there?" "not that i know of," said mr. weasley
"and who're you?" "weasley - two tents, booked a couple of days ago?" "aye," said mr. roberts, consulting a list tacked to the door
"is that right?" said mr. weasley, his hand held out for his change, but mr. roberts didn't give it to him
"so, been keeping busy, barty?" said bagman breezily
"what were they talking about?" "you'll find out soon enough," said mr.weasley, smiling
"ten zero to ireland!" "what?" harry yelled, looking wildly around through his omnioculars
"krum was feinting!" "it's time-out!" yelled bagman's voice, "as trained mediwizards hurry onto the field to examine aidan lynch!" "he'll be okay, he only got ploughed!" charlie said reassuringly to ginny, who was hanging over the side of the box, looking horror-struck
"now, we can't have that!" said ludo bagman, though he sounded highly amused
"the snitch, where's the snitch?" bellowed charlie, along the row
"what's that supposed to mean?" said hermione defiantly
"who? who is it?" they heard snapping twigs, the rustling of leaves, and then crunching footsteps as mr. diggory reemerged from behind the trees
winky?" he said kindly, turning to the elf, but she flinched as though he too was shouting at her
"hermione!" mr. weasley said, more urgently
"what's going to happen to winky?" said hermione, the moment they had left the clearing
what happened to the others?" "we lost them in the dark," said ron
"the person who conjured the mark?" "no," said mr. weasley
"where?" spluttered mrs. weasley, choking on her tea and whiskey
"hermione?" "yes," she said quickly, and the three of them marched out of the kitchen and up the stairs
"what's up, harry?" said ron, the moment they had closed the door of the attic room behind them
"i bet sirius'll know what to do!" "i hoped he'd get back to me quickly," said harry
"everyone wears them, ron!" said mrs. weasley crossly
"dumbledore's not what you'd call normal, though, is he?" said fred
"so he thinks durmstrang would have suited him, does he?" she said angrily
"all righ', harry?" hagrid bellowed back, waving
the rip at the brim opened wide - "gryffindor!" the hat shouted
"so what did he do in the kitchens?" "oh the usual," said nearly headless nick, shrugging
i mean, you're not supposed to see them, are you? that's the mark of a good house-elf, isn't it, that you don't know it's there?" hermione stared at him
"its end exploded!" said dean angrily, showing hagrid a burn on his hand
"harry!" ron muttered
"can i have a look at uranus too, lavender?" said ron
"lots of homework?" said hermione brightly, catching up with them
"and there's a picture, weasley!" said malfoy, flipping the paper over and holding it up
"oh yeah, you were staying with them this summer, weren't you, potter?" sneered malfoy
"so tell me, is his mother really that porky, or is it just the picture?" "you know your mother, malfoy?" said harry - both he and hermione had grabbed the back of ron's robes to stop him from launching himself at malfoy - "that expression she's got, like she's got dung under her nose? has she always looked like that, or was it just because you were with her?" malfoy's pale face went slightly pink
"anyone else know one? another illegal curse?" hermione's hand flew into the air again and so, to harry's slight surprise, did neville's
"now, if there's no countercurse, why am i showing you? because you've got to know
"neville?" hermione said gently
"what's this about?" "not spew," said hermione impatiently
"i shouldn't've told him!" harry said furiously
"house-elves!" said hermione, her eyes flashing
"dumbledore!" he called heartily as he walked up the slope
"only a quidditch player?" ron said, looking at her as though he couldn't believe his ears
"you haven't got a quill, have you, harry?" "nope, they're upstairs in my bag," said harry
"anyone put their name in yet?" ron asked a third-year girl eagerly
what if the goblet just gobbed you right back out again?" someone laughed behind harry
"ready?" fred said to the other two, quivering with excitement
"listen!" said hermione suddenly
"where are they sleeping, then?" said ron, moving toward the front doors and staring after them
"eau de cologne?" said hermione in amazement
"he fancies her!" said ron incredulously
"what is ze meaning of zis, dumbly-dorr?" she said imperiously
"well, shall we crack on, then?" he said, rubbing his hands together and smiling around the room
"you'll come and have a drink before you go, at least?" said dumbledore
because it would've covered both of us, wouldn't it? but you found another way, did you?" "listen," said harry, "i didn't put my name in that goblet
"what's that supposed to mean, 'not really'?" "oh harry, isn't it obvious?" hermione said despairingly
how long d'you reckon you're going to last, potter? ten minutes into the first task's my bet
"look like they're havin' fun, don' they?" hagrid said happily
"still - never mind, eh? double potions to look forward to this afternoon
"isn't it, though? you being champion?" "yeah, really amazing," said harry heavily as they set off toward the steps into the entrance hall
"i don't know who -" "how do you feel about the tasks ahead?" said rita skeeter
"hermione, when are you going to give up on this spew stuff?" "when house-elves have decent wages and working conditions!" she hissed back
i wonder how you get into the school kitchens?" "no idea, ask fred and george," said harry
"stunning spells, on the count of three!" harry saw each of the dragon keepers pull out his wand
unless you're supposed to put the spell on yourself? maybe to give yourself extra powers? but they're not simple spells, i mean, we haven't done any of those in class, i only know about them because i've been doing o
"diffindo!" cedric's bag split
see them out there, skulking around? i'm not really in trouble until i see the whites of their eyes
and then (where had the morning gone? the last of the dragon-free hours?), professor mcgonagall was hurrying over to him in the great hall
oh i'm not sure that was wise!" they could hear bagman shouting gleefully
"you two are so stupid!" she shouted, stamping her foot on the ground, tears splashing down her front
maybe you've got to get past one of those next, harry!" "it was someone being tortured!" said neville, who had gone very white and spilled sausage rolls all over the floor
"oh - sorry, neville!" fred shouted over all the laughter
"canary creams!" fred shouted to the excitable crowd
where had hagrid got the skrewts from? hermione, who seemed to be thinking along these lines, said quickly, "they're very interesting, aren't they? aren't they
"how long have you been here, dobby?" harry asked as dobby handed around the tea
"you is ought to be ashamed of yourself, dobby, talking that way about your masters!" "they isn't my masters anymore, winky!" said dobby defiantly
"she wants a new angle, hagrid," said ron wisely as he shelled salamander eggs. "you were supposed to say harry's a mad delinquent!" "but he's not!" said hagrid, looking genuinely shocked
harry, bu' yeh're all righ' really, aren' you?" "cheers, hagrid," said harry, grinning
didn't she ever go anywhere alone? could he perhaps ambush her as she was going into a bathroom? but no - she even seemed to go there with an escort of four or five girls
"what was i playing at? there were people - all around - i've gone mad - everyone watching! i was just walking past her in the entrance hall - she was standing there talking to diggory - and it sort of came over me - and i asked her!" ron moaned and put his face in his hands
"what about hermione granger?" said parvati
"don't do that!" "dobby is sorry, sir!" squeaked dobby anxiously, jumping backward with his long fingers over his mouth
"cool!" he jammed it onto his head, where it clashed horribly with his hair
"shall we go down then, harry?" "okay," said harry, wishing he could just stay in the common room
"we're supposed to dance!" harry tripped over his dress robes as he stood up
"and ten points from hufflepuff too, stebbins!" as a boy went rushing after her
"what's got karkaroff all worried?" ron muttered
"what d'you reckons wrong with him? you don't think a skrewt - ?" "oh he hasn't been attacked, potter, if that's what you're thinking," said malfoy softly
"have you really?" said hermione, looking impressed
"he's mad!" said harry, staring at krums dark head as it bobbed out into the middle of the lake
"he's at the ministry in london, isn't he?" "er
what are we doing, talking about goblins and bertha jorkins? i really wanted to ask you" - he lowered his voice - "how are you getting on with your golden egg?" "er
or something? society for the protection of ugly goblins?" "ha, ha, ha," said hermione sarcastically
reckon something's up? think we should do a bit of digging? 'disgraced ex-head of magical games and sports, ludo bagman
who could that be?" "slow, aren't you?" he had never seen moaning myrtle so cheerful, apart from the day when a dose of polyjuice potion had given hermione the hairy face and tail of a cat
professor -" "- and when i passed my office, i saw that the torches were lit and a cupboard door was ajar! somebody has been searching it!" but peeves couldn't -" "i know he couldn't, filch!" snape snapped again
"got potter's best interests at heart, have you?" there was a pause
i'm guessing you werent just taking that egg for a walk tonight?" "er - no," said harry, grinning
"that hurts - get off- ouch -" "harry potter must wake up, sir!" "stop poking me -" "dobby must poke harry potter, sir, he must wake up!" harry opened his eyes
"but you don't know what the second task is -" "dobby knows, sir! harry potter has to go into the lake and find his wheezy -" "find my what?" "- and take his wheezy back from the merpeople!" "what's a wheezy?" "your wheezy, sir, your wheezy-wheezy who is giving dobby his sweater!" dobby plucked at the shrunken maroon sweater he was now wearing over his shorts
"dobby will be missed - good luck, harry potter, sir, good luck!" "see you later, dobby!" harry shouted, and he sprinted along the corridor and down the stairs, three at a time
"myrtle!" harry tried to shout - but once again, nothing came out of his mouth but a very large bubble
"harry, you prat," said ron, "you didn't take that song thing seriously, did you? dumbledore wouldn't have let any of us drown!" "the song said -" "it was only to make sure you got back inside the time limit!" said ron
"there they are, there they are!" she giggled, and the knot of slytherins broke apart
"i told you not to annoy rita skeeter! she's made you out to be some sort of- of scarlet woman!" hermione stopped looking astonished and snorted with laughter
potter! now, mad-eye moody might have joined your fan club, but i will not tolerate your behavior! one more nighttime stroll into my office, potter, and you will pay!" "right," said harry coolly, turning back to his ginger roots
"what's so urgent?" he heard snape hiss at karkaroff
"well?" said karkaroff, still making every effort not to move his lips
then he said, "harry, did you check your pockets for your wand after you'd left the top box?" "erm
and then he sacked her?" "yes," said hermione in a heated voice, "he sacked her, just because she hadn't stayed in her tent and let herself get trampled -" "hermione, will you give it a rest with the elf!" said ron
"he gave his own son to the dementors?" asked harry quietly
"he died?" "he wasn't the only one," said sirius bitterly
what's he up to? what was he doing at the world cup that was so important he didn't turn up in the top box? what's he been doing while he should have been judging the tournament?" sirius lapsed into silence, still staring at the cave wall
"wonder if percy knows all that stuff about crouch?" ron said as they walked up the drive to the castle
"winky must not talk like that to harry potter!" said dobby angrily
"you only like coming down here for the food!" it was an irritable sort of day after that
"don't you want to see what percy's written?" harry asked her hastily
"what've they done to it?" cedric said indignantly, stopping dead
perhaps dumbledore was in the staffroom? he started running as fast as he could toward the staircase -" potter!" harry skidded to a halt and looked around
"from the ministry! he's ill or something - he's in the forest, he wants to see dumbledore! just give me the password up to -" "the headmaster is busy
"madam pomfrey?" "no," said dumbledore swiftly
"he attacked me!" krum muttered, putting a hand up to his head
"wouldn't they?" said ron, looking skeptical
they'll get a lot more than detention for blackmail! ron
"you can't disapparate on the grounds, ron!" said hermione
"harry! harry!" harry opened his eyes
"indeed?" said karkaroff, his eyes widening
"no!" shouted karkaroff, straining at the chains that bound him to the chair
that stuff's your thoughts?" harry said, staring at the swirling white substance in the basin
did it really happen?" "it is possible," said dumbledore
in the pensieve?" "you could," said dumbledore heavily
"then mr. crouch's son might not have been involved?" said harry slowly
"he really trusts snape, even though he knows he was a death eater?" "yes," said harry
"how can you be worrying about her now?" said ron, in utter disbelief
"we haven't done any practicing!" she said, looking shocked
is that picture of the mad knight still around? sir cadogan?" "oh yeah," said harry, who had met sir cadogan the previous year
"mum - bill!" said ron, looking stunned, as he joined the gryffindor table
what would happen if he walked through the mist? was it worth chancing it, or should he double back? he was still hesitating when a scream shattered the silence
"thanks!" said harry, and, amazed at his own brilliance, he dashed forward
well, one of them was already at hand, was it not, wormtail? flesh given by a servant
"he was a real wizard, then?" the old man said, his eyes on voldemort
"accio!" harry yelled, pointing his wand at the triwizard cup
"karkaroff?" said harry wildly
"and what did lord voldemort ask you to do?" said dumbledore
"harry?" dumbledore said gently
"we can leave that till morning, can't we, dumbledore?" said sirius harshly
"the wands connected?" he said, looking from harry to dumbledore
"your parents?" said dumbledore quietly
"also cleared! now working for the ministry!" "avery - nott - crabbe - goyle -" "you are merely repeating the names of those who were acquitted of being death eaters thirteen years ago!" said fudge angrily
am i right in thinking that i can count on you and arthur?" "of course you can," said mrs. weasley
"is it to do with voldemort?" hagrid flinched at the sound of the name
"have you got a new headmaster yet?" said harry krum shrugged
"trying to pretend it hasn't happened?" "get out," said harry
"who used the furnunculus curse?" "me," said harry
"who you were blackmailing?" "oh," said george darkly
'dudders out for tea?' 'at the polkisses',' said aunt petunia fondly
'don't you be clever with me, boy! i want to know what you're really up to - and don't give me any more of this listening to the news tosh! you know perfectly well that your lot - ' 'careful, vernon!' breathed aunt petunia, and uncle vernon lowered his voice so that harry could barely hear him,' - that your lot don't get on our news!' that's all you know,' said harry
what are all those - ' she, too, lowered her voice so that harry had to lip-read the next word, ' - owls doing if they're not bringing you news?' 'aha!' said uncle vernon in a triumphant whisper
but when were they going to see him? nobody seemed too bothered with a precise date
squealed like a pig, didn't he?' malcolm was saying, to guffaws from the others
think you're a big man carrying that thing, don't you?' dudley said after a few seconds
'dudley, keep your mouth shut! whatever you do, keep your mouth shut! wand!' harry muttered frantically, his hands flying over the ground like spiders
'you're - you're a witch?' 'i'm a squib, as mundungus knows full well, so how on earth was i supposed to help you fight off dementors? he left you completely without cover when i'd warned him - ' this mundungus has been following me? hang on - it was him! he disapparated from the front of my house!' 'yes, yes, yes, but luckily i'd stationed mr tibbles under a car just in case, and mr tibbles came and warned me, but by the time i got to your house you'd gone - and now - oh, what's dumbledore going to say? you!' she shrieked at dudley, still supine on the alley floor
'diddy! about time too, i was getting quite - quite - diddy, what's the matter?' harry looked sideways at dudley and ducked out from under his arm just in time
'i haven't finished with you, boy!' 'get out of the way,' said harry quietly
'dudley!' roared uncle vernon
why else would they turn up here? why else would they be down that alleyway? you've got to be the only - the only - ' evidently, he couldn't bring himself to say the word 'wizard'
what if they ruled against him? what if he was expelled and his wand was snapped in half? what would he do, where would he go? he could not return to living full-time with the dursleys, not now he knew the other world, the one to which he really belonged
' 'ok.' 'you are not to touch the television, the stereo, or any of our possessions
'what if it ignited? better wizards than you have lost buttocks, you know!' 'who d'you know who's lost a buttock?' the violet-haired woman asked mad-eye interestedly
'lucky, ha!' said the violet-haired woman
'bear southeast and keep climbing, there's some low cloud ahead we can lose ourselves in!' called moody
wait till we're inside!' he pulled the piece of parchment out of harry's hand and set fire to it with his wand-tip
'yeah?' said harry, raising his eyebrows
'well what?' 'voldemort!' said harry furiously, and both ron and hermione winced
'so, what have you two been doing, if you're not allowed in meetings?' he demanded
'oh, hello, harry!' said ron's younger sister, ginny, brightly
' 'what d'you - ?' 'it's quite nasty, actually,' said hermione in a voice of forced calm
but you see what they're doing? they want to turn you into someone nobody will believe
ginny, your hands are filthy, what have you been doing? go and wash them before dinner, please
'i did!' said harry indignantly
'since when did someone have to be in the order of the phoenix to ask questions?' asked sirius
'you haven't forgotten what dumbledore said, i suppose?' 'which bit?' sirius asked politely, but with the air of a man readying himself for a fight
'but he's still - ' 'he's not a child!' said sirius impatiently
' 'but why?' said harry desperately
'well, they didn't tell us much we couldn't have guessed, did they?' he said, thinking of all that had been said downstairs
' 'was he killed by an auror?' harry asked tentatively
well, my mothers portrait should give you some idea. he scowled for a moment, then sighed
'how am i getting there?' he asked mrs weasley, trying to sound unconcerned
'when did dumbledore tell you that?' harry said, staring at sirius
'those in favour of clearing the witness of all charges?' said madam boness booming voice
'what are you doing here, anyway?' harry asked lucius malfoy
' that's enough - fred - george - ginny!' said mrs weasley, as mr weasley left the kitchen
'what's up?' said hermione, looking alarmed
' 'not surprising, is it, when you look at what's happened to the last four?' said george
what colour would you like?' 'get him red and gold to match his badge,' said george, smirking
'going to put us in detention?' 'i'd love to see him try' sniggered george
what would he have expected? not this, said a small and truthful voice inside his head
there you go, thought that would interest you!' harry's heart turned over
'mrs weasley, just get out of here!' shouted harry, staring down at his own dead body on the floor
'harry, you're to come with me and tonks,' shouted mrs weasley over the repeated screeches of 'mudbloods! scum! creatures of dirt!' - 'leave your trunk and your owl, alastor's going to deal with the luggage
' 'and guess who's a slytherin prefect?' said ron, still with his eyes closed
'who are hufflepuff's?' harry asked
'so you're going to descend to his level?' 'no, i'm just going to make sure i get his mates before he gets mine
what were you saying, harry?' 'i was saying, what are those horse things?' harry said, as he, ron and luna made for the carriage in which hermione and ginny were already sitting
hurt, or anything, do you?' said hermione uneasily
'she was at my hearing, she works for fudge!' 'nice cardigan,' said ron, smirking
'how about: "progress for progress's sake must be discouraged"? how about: "pruning wherever we find practices that ought to be prohibited"?' 'well, what does that mean?' said ron impatiently
'she thinks i'm a liar and dumbledore's an old fool?' seamus looked up at him
' 'what d'you mean, draw attention to it?' said ron, half-laughing
' 'says who?' said george, looking astonished
'so?' 'so you've got your exams coming up, haven't you? they'll be keeping your noses so hard to that grindstone they'll be rubbed raw,' said fred with satisfaction
'do you really think this is about truth or lies? it's about keeping your head down and your temper under control!' she stood up, nostrils wide and mouth very thin, and harry stood up, too
who can tell me what these things are called?' she indicated the heap of twigs in front of her
that ought to serve as a reminder to you, oughtn't it? you may leave for tonight
'listen, hermione, i was just up in umbridge's office and she touched my arm .
'don't you remember, moody told us to be careful what we put in writing! we just can't guarantee owls aren't being intercepted any more!' 'all right, all right, i won't tell him, then!' said harry irritably
'you weren't ordering dungbombs, were you?' 'no,' said harry
'sturgis was supposed to come and see us off, remember?' the other two looked at him
'blimey, it is!' said ron quietly, throwing down his quill and getting to his feet
'i'll write to tell you a time i can make it back into the fire, then, shall i? if you can stand to risk it?' there was a tiny pop, and the place where sirius's head had been was flickering flame once more
'so now we know how we ended up with umbridge! fudge passed this "educational decree" and forced her on us! and now he's given her the power to inspect the other teachers!' hermione was breathing fast and her eyes were very bright
'what?' said harry and hermione together, staring at him
'"t"?' asked hermione, looking appalled
would that be "drowning" or "cauldron" or "snape"?' 'it doesn't matter, pick any of them
the inner eye does not see upon command!' she said in scandalised tones
'potter, you must get a grip on yourself! you are heading for serious trouble! another five points from gryffindor!' 'but - what - '? professor, no!' harry said, furious at this injustice, 'i'm already being punished by her, why do you have to take points as well?' 'because detentions do not appear to have any effect on you whatsoever!' said professor mcgonagall tartly
'now, i hear there have been injuries in this class?' goyle gave a stupid grin
hermione shook her head exasperatedly and, ignoring ron, who was continuing to watch her, said to harry, 'well, what do you think? will you teach us?' 'just you and ron, yeah?' 'well,' said hermione, looking a mite anxious again
'you know what?' ron murmured, looking over at the bar with enthusiasm
'a couple of people?' said harry hoarsely to hermione
'no. no, of course not,' said ernie, looking slightly less anxious
'does this mean they're going to shut down the gobstones club?' one of them asked his friend
'someone must have blabbed to her!' ron said angrily
'ooooh, urgent, is it?' said the other gargoyle in a high-pitched voice
how long have you been teaching at hogwarts?' she asked, her quill poised over her clipboard
'so, you want me to say i'm not going to take part in the defence group?' he muttered finally
'me? certainly not!' said sirius, looking surprised
'now, let me see you try, mr weasley' 'wha-? oh - oh, right,' said ron, very flustered
'hermione, it was your idea in the first place!' said ron indignantly
had the order thwarted him, stopped him from seizing it? where was it kept? who had it now? 'mimbulus mimbletonia,' said ron's voice and harry came back to his senses just in time to clamber through the portrait hole into the common room
'or the ministry of magic are morons group?' suggested fred
'you made me nervous, i was doing all right before then!' cho told harry ruefully
'he'd just lost, hadn't he? of course he wanted to provoke you! but what on earth he can have said that justified what you two - ' 'he insulted my parents,' snarled george
'i mean, what about crabbe and that bludger he hit after the whistle had been blown? has she banned him?' 'no,' said ginny miserably; she and hermione were sitting on either side of harry
'want a cuppa?' 'come off it,' said ron, 'you're in a right state!' 'i'm tellin' yeh, i'm fine,' said hagrid, straightening up and turning to beam at them all, but wincing
'you knew where the giants were?' 'well, durnbledore knew, an' he told us,' said hagrid
' 'did he rip off more heads?' asked hermione, sounding squeamish
' 'did he rip off more heads?' asked hermione, sounding squeamish
'well that's not bad - are they going to come over here and start fighting you-know-who with us?' but hermione said, 'what do you mean "at one point", hagrid?' hagrid looked at her sadly
'sirius says madame maxime got back ages ago - ' 'who attacked you?' said ron
'don't you understand how cho's feeling at the moment?' she asked
'what does she see in krum?' ron demanded, as he and harry climbed the boys' stairs
'i mean, he's a grouchy git, isn't he?' 'bit grouchy, yeah,' said harry, whose thoughts were still on cho
' 'like who?' said sirius impatiently
'where's that accursed house-elf? kreacher! kreacher!' but kreacher did not answer the summons
'is he safe in a public ward? shouldn't he be in a private room?' 'it's two weeks till full moon,' mr weasley reminded her quietly
'are there big blank periods where you don't know what you've been up to?' harry racked his brains
'oh, gilderoy, you've got visitors! how lovely, and on christmas day, too! do you know, he never gets visitors, poor lamb, and i can't think why, he's such a sweetie, aren't you?' 'we're doing autographs!' gilderoy told the healer with another glittering smile
'cured!' he announced brightly to the kitchen at large
one - two - three - 'legilimens!' a great black dragon was rearing in front of him
then you will find yourself easy prey for the dark lord!' said snape savagely
'i know! i know!' he was on all fours again on snape's office floor, his scar was prickling unpleasantly, but the voice that had just issued from his mouth was triumphant
'i said, what's in the department of mysteries, sir?' harry said
'of course what?' said ron rather impatiently
' 'so what's in the department of mysteries?' harry asked ron
' 'i don't believe this,' snarled harry, 'fudge is blaming the breakout on sirius?' 'what other options does he have?' said hermione bitterly
'would it kill her to tell us what she's up to for once? it'd take her about ten more seconds - hey, hagrid!' hagrid was standing beside the doors into the entrance hall, waiting for a crowd of ravenclaws to pass
' 'remember the first time we played against each other, in the third year?' she asked him
where d'you want to go?' harry asked as they entered hogsmeade
d'you get to see a lot of quidditch in the holidays? you support the tornados, right?' his voice sounded falsely bright and cheery
'hagrid,' said harry, unable to stop himself, 'where are you getting all these injuries?' 'eh?' said hagrid, looking startled
what was going on? but before harry could think about it any further, he heard a voice calling his name
'] thought you were with cho, i wasn't expecting you for another hour at least!' 'cho?' said rita at once, twisting round in her seat to stare avidly at harry
'you want me to report what he says about he who must not be named?' rita asked hermione in a hushed voice
'we've had plenty of those already, thank you! i want him given the opportunity to tell the truth!' there's no market for a story like that,' said rita coldly
'oh, i forgot to ask you,' said hermione brightly, glancing over at the ravenclaw table, 'what happened on your date with cho? how come you were back so early?' 'er
' 'me, tactless?' said harry, outraged
but this one says you've got her converted and she now thinks you're a real hero - she's put in a photograph, too - wow!' 'what is going on here?' said a falsely sweet, girlish voice
'about what happened to me last june.' for some reason he glanced up at the staff table as he said this
once he'd got his voice back, he'd explain what he'd been doing, wouldn't he? they would have known he'd been sent to steal the weapon
'you do know why we are here, don t you, potter?' said snape, in a low, dangerous voice
'what - oh!' comprehension dawned on her face
' 'hagrid, what're you up to?' asked harry seriously
'run!' they all pelted towards the exit at once, forming a scrum at the door, then people burst through
' 'jolly good, jolly good!' said fudge heartily
the bit about how he's been trying to build up an army against the ministry, how he's been working to destabilise me?' 'yes, sir, i've got it, yes!' said percy, scanning his notes joyfully
'what's the matter?' said umbridge, who was still watching him closely
'back to lunch you go, potter!' cried umbridge, raising her wand and dashing out of the office
' 'go and cope with it then!' cho said furiously, turning on her heel and stalking off
'you will not repeat what you saw to anybody!' snape bellowed
'are you ok, harry?' ginny asked quietly
'excuse me?' 'christmas before last sirius gave me a knife that'll open any lock,' said harry
' 'how come she married him?' harry asked miserably
'are you serious, harry?' said lupin quickly
' 'but this is excellent!' said ron, looking thrilled
'absolutely minuscule!' 'he was bein' kicked aroun' by all o' them - i jus' couldn' leave him -' 'did madame maxime want to bring him back?' asked harry
this,' said hagrid, hastening over to where harry and herrmone stood, 'is harry, grawp! harry potter! he migh' be comin' ter visit yeh if i have ter go away, understand?' the giant had only just realised that harry and hermione were there
'how are yeh, magorian?' said hagrid warily
'or d'yeh reckon the match is over?' 'i don't know,' said hermione miserably
' 'more or less than eight?' 'less, i s'pose,' said ron, looking slightly alarmed
'why don't you just do it yourself?' he said firmly, handing the book back to her, his eyes watering
'she'll be fine, remember she got a hundred and twelve per cent on one of our charms tests?' said ron
'very well, potter, you may go!' as harry passed umbridge beside the door, their eyes met
'it happens, young man, it happens! now, a cooling drink of water, and perhaps you will be ready to return to the great hall? the examination is nearly over, but you may be able to round off your last answer nicely?' 'yes,' said harry wildly
four stunning spells straight to the chest at her age? it's a wonder they didn't kill her
how would voldemort and sirius have got in without being seen? harry
' 'they're not normal dreams!' harry shouted in her face, standing up and taking a step closer to her in turn
'surely you did not use it all? i told you that three drops would be sufficient
'please - i didn't mean that! i just hoped you'd be able to - to help us - ' but she seemed to be going from bad to worse
'get away from here, giant!' called magorian
' 'goodness,' said hermione, gripping harry's arm so tightly it was growing numb and looking as though she was about to faint, 'he - he remembered!' 'hermy!' roared grawp
'whoever's nearest the receiver, dial six two four four two!' he said
harry's heart sank; how big was this place? 'in my dream i went through that dark room into the second one,' he said
'wait!' said hermione sharply, as luna made to close the door of the brain room behind them
'flagrate!' she drew with her wand in midair and a fiery 'x' appeared on the door
marry, lets go, ok? said hermione more forcefully
'is that you, ron?' 'i'm here, mate,' said ron, appearing around the side of the archway
that's what i've been trying to - well, come on, then!' said hermione, and she led the way back around the dais
'what's your name doing down here?' he glanced along at the other labels on that stretch of shelf
'you need more persuasion?' she said, her chest rising and falling rapidly
'how come voldemort wants it? several of the death eaters let out low hisses
' 'and why did he want to steal a prophecy about me?' 'about both of you, potter, about both of you
'they must have gone the wrong way!' whispered hermione, terror in her face
'right, let's get out of - ' 'look out!' said neville, horrified
she gave a tiny 'oh!' as though of surprise and crumpled on to the floor, where she lay motionless
'don'd gib id do dem, harry!' bellatrix raised her wand
'nice one!' shouted sirius, forcing harry's head down as a pair of stunning spells flew towards them
'what?' 'dubbledore!' harry turned to look where neville was staring
'sirius!' harry yelled
there's nothing you can do, harry - ' 'get him, save him, he's only just gone through!' ' - it's too late, harry
'sirius!' 'he can't come back, harry,' said lupin, his voice breaking as he struggled to contain harry
the prophecy smashed when i was trying to get neville up the steps! what do you think voldemort'll say about that, then?' his scar seared and burned
'it isn't true, you're lying! master, i tried, i tried - do not punish me - ' 'don't waste your breath!' yelled harry, his eyes screwed up against the pain in his scar, now more terrible than ever
when nobody did, he said, 'very well - dawlish! williamson! go down to the department of mysteries and see
' 'what are you talking - ?' 'it is my fault that sirius died,' said dumbledore clearly
'he threw me out of his office!' 'i am aware of it,' said dumbledore heavily
he did not know that you would have power the dark lord knows not - ' 'but i don't!' said harry, in a strangled voice
' 'say hello to him for us!' called hermione, as harry proceeded down the ward
'just do it tomorrow!' said ron, who was waiting by the door of their dormitory
'use it if you need me, all right?' harry sank down on to his bed and unwrapped the package
'i am not the only one who is late, then? though,' he sighed, 'in a rather different sense, of course
that man the death eaters killed was your godfather, wasn't he? ginny told me
'what's - er - going on with you and her, anyway?' ron asked quietly
you'll put out that warning, then? excellent
what?" blustered the prime minister
it was aa nasty killing, wasn't it? it's had rather a lot of publicity
how do you do?" said the prime minister politely, holding out his hand
i amthat's to say, i was"then there's no problem, is there?" said scrimgeour
think!" said snape, impatient again
"i thought you must know about it!" said narcissa, breathing more freely
"then i am right, he has chosen draco in revenge!" choked narcissa
"you should be proud!" said bellatrix ruthlessly
aren't you listening, narcissa? oh, he'll try, i'm sure
"and this must be your son, dudley?"dudley had that moment peered round the living room door
"why not, sir?"you are with me," said dumbledore simply
"i thought you had to be seventeen?"you do," said dumbledore
"professor?"harry?"er where exactly are we?"this, harry, is the charming village of budleigh babberton
what exactly are they? the leaflet wasn't very clear
"for old time's sake?"slughorn hesitated
are they for the death eaters' benefit, or mine?" asked dumbledore
are you leaving?" asked slughorn at once, looking hopeful
who's there?" said a nervous voice he recognized as mrs. weasley's
ron, don't hit him!" said a girl's voice reproachfully
"you've been off with dumbledore!"it wasn't that exciting
i suppose you like the way phlegm says ' 'any,' do you?" asked ginny scornfully
hermione!" shouted harry and ron; the breakfast tray slid to the floor with a crash
"why?" asked ron, while mrs. weasley pointedly glared at bill
"the wandmaker?" said ginny, looking startled
"but wands what'll people do for wands?" "they'll make do with other makers," said lupin
"muggle magic tricks!" said fred happily, pointing them out
"what are you ?" but hermione had already ducked out from under the cloak
"is this necklace for sale?" she asked, pausing beside a glass-fronted case
what about this lovely um skull?" "sixteen galleons
"mr. weasley, can i have a quick word?" said harry, making up his mind on the spur of the moment
"well? did you find out why?"he went into borgin and burkes," said harry, "and started bullying the bloke in there, borgin, to help him fix something
but what if she had been unable to stand between her son and voldemort? would there then have been no "chosen one" at all? an empty seat where neville now sat and a scarless harry who would have been kissed good-bye by his own mother, not ron's?"you all right, harry? you look funny," said neville
this is cormac mclaggen, perhaps you've come across each other ?? no?"mclaggen, a large, wiry-haired youth, raised a hand, and harry and neville nodded back at him
?and this charming young lady tells me she knows you!" slughorn finished
"harry potter! where to begin? i feel i barely scratched the surface when we met over the summer!" he contemplated harry for a moment as though he was a particularly large and succulent piece of pheasant, then said, "'the chosen one,' they're calling you now!"harry said nothing
how did you find me?"i noticed you hadn't left the train and i knew you had that cloak
i suppose you wanted to make an entrance, did you?" snapecontinued
dumbledore mentioned voldemort at all?" not yet, but he always saves his proper speech for after the the feast doesn't he? it can't be long now
how could snape be given the defense against the dark arts job after all this time? hadn't it been widely known for years that dumbledore did not trust him to do it? but harry, you said that slughorn was going to be teaching defense against the dark arts!" said hermione
"why were you late?"i was with grawp," said hagrid happily
?" neither harry nor hermione answered; there was no need
"like me?"yes, when you were telling us what it's like to face voldemort
harry! hey, harry!"harry looked around; jack sloper, one of the beaters on last year's gryffindor quidditch team, was hurrying toward him holding a roll of parchment
very good, very good!" said slughorn happily
"excellent, excellent! now, this one here
"have you ever taken it, sir?" asked michael corner with great interest
"specialis revelio!" she said, rapping it smartly on the front cover
"correct!" said ogden angrily, dabbing his face
"come in the bleeding house, then, and much good it'll do you!" the house seemed to contain three tiny rooms
"and so what? morfin gave a muggle a bit of what was coming to him what about it, then?" "morfin has broken wizarding law," said ogden sternly
"it is a summons to the ministry for a hearing " "summons! summons? who do you think you are, summoning my son anywhere?" "i'm head of the magical law enforcement squad," said ogden
"and so what if he did, then?" gaunt said defiantly to ogden, "i expect you've wiped the muggle's filthy face clean for him, and his memory to boot " "that's hardly the point, is it, mr. gaunt?" said ogden
"tom," said the girl's voice again, now so close they were clearly right beside the house, "i might be wrong but has somebody nailed a snake to that door?" "good lord, you're right!" said the man's voice
both harry and ogden yelled "no!" at the same time; ogden raised his wand and cried, "relaskio!" gaunt was thrown backward, away from his daughter; he tripped over a chair and fell flat on his back
"a teacher, potter! how dare yeh threaten ter break down my door!" "i'm sorry, sir" said harry, emphasizing the last word as he stowed his wand inside his robes
?" said ron, looking apprehensive
"oh, look, your dad's in here, ron he's all right!" she added quickly, for ron had looked around in alarm
"my whole family are blood traitors! that's as bad as muggle-borns to death eaters!" "and they'd love to have me," said harry sarcastically
"i no what ?" spluttered mundungus, who was slowly turning purple
this is what he was buying that day when we followed him! he remembered it and he went back for it!" , "i i dunno, harry," said ron hesitantly
"hagrid says you four saw what happened to katie bell upstairs to my office at once, please! what's that you're holding, potter?" "it's the thing she touched," said harry
i wonder why malfoy told her to take it into the castle?" "harry, malfoy wasn't in hogsmeade!" said hermione, actually stamping her foot in frustration
"he only gave her ten galleons?" said harry indignantly
"what school's this, then?" "it is called hogwarts," said dumbledore
"er ?may i offer you a glass of gin?" she said in an extra-refined voice
"did she say anything before she died?" asked dumbledore
"how do you do, tom?" said dumbledore, walking forward and holding out his hand
"yes, harry?" said dumbledore, for harry had come to a halt
"i want a word with my dear brother!" dean left, looking as though he was not sorry to depart the scene
"don't be stupid " "harry's snogged cho chang!" shouted ginny, who sounded close to tears now
"oi, out of the way!" ron barked at a small girl who jumped in fright and dropped a bottle of toadspawn
"it looks like he's eating her face, doesn't it?" said ginny dispas-sionately
"you could've taken anyone!" said ron in disbelief over dinner
"oh - yes - didn't you know?" said harmione, with a most un-hermione-ish giggle
"seen hermione?" asked mclaggen, forcing his way through the throng a minute later
"for the last time, i didn't do it, okay? that bell girl must ' ve had an enemy no on e knows about don't look at me like that! i know what you're do-ing, i'm not stupid, but it won't work i can stop you!" there was a pause and then snape said quietly, "ah
i made the unbreakable vow, draco " "looks like you'll have to break it, then, because i don't need your protection! it's my job, he gave it to me and i'm doing it, i've got a plan and it's going to work, it's just taking a bit longer than i thought it would!" "what is your plan ?" "it's none of your business !" " if you tell me what you are trying to do, i can assist you
"defense against the dark arts its all just a joke, isn't it, an act? like any of us need pro-tecting against the dark arts " "it is an act that is crucial to success, draco!" said snape
that once more," said harry, "i'm going to stick this sprout " "i'm only checking!" said ron
"i couldn't have done, could i? that was the whole point, he was refusing to tell snape
"we danced to this when we were eighteen!" said mrs. weasley, wiping her eyes on her knitting
"what?" said harry, astonished
"have you ever heard of someone called the half-blood prince?" "the half-blood what?" "prince," said harry, watching him closely for signs of recogni-tion
'" abandoning pretense, harry said, "and it wasn't sirius? or you?" "definitely not
"the rumors that have flown around!" said scrimgeour
"what is dumbledore up to?" said scrimgeour brusquely
he's such a prat, it's not really a loss, is it?" mrs. weasley sobbed harder than ever as she enfolded harry in her arms. "promise me you'll look after yourself
"but we've been away, how're we supposed to ?"harry! ginny!" hermione was hurrying toward them, very pink-faced and wearing a cloak, hat, and gloves
"i forgot! but this proves malfoy s a death eater, how else could he be in contact with greyback and telling him what to do?" "it is pretty suspicious," breathed hermione
"when can we take the actual test?" "soon as we're seventeen
"tampered with?" repeated harry, sitting back down too
'won't refuse you anything, will he? not his little potions prince
ten points for gryffindor! now, if we accept golpalott's third law as true
'and you thought of a bezoar all by yourself, did you, harry?' she asked through gritted teeth
then you were wrong, weren't you? wrong!'he bellowed the last word and, before harry could say another word, slammed the dungeon door behind him
then you were wrong, weren't you? wrong!' he bellowed the last word and, before harry could say another word, slammed the dungeon door behind him
'harry, where are you going? demanded hermione
'look, it's none of your business what i'm doing, crabbe, you and goyle just do as you're told and keep a lookout!' '! tell my friends what i'm up to, if i want them to keep a lookout for me," harry said, just loud enough for malfoy to hear him
where was malfoy? he did not seem to be at the slytherin table in the great hall, eating breakfast
'who are you talking about?' who are you talking about?' said harry, with an increasing sense that all reason had dropped out of the conversation
'how do i look?' 'very handsome,' said slughorn smoothly, handing ron a glass of clear liquid
"i'm a ruddy teacher, aren' i, yeh sneakin' squib!" said hagrid, firing up at once
"hermione going to look in before the match?" he added casually
where're you going?" harry demanded
"just get up by the goal posts!"once mclaggen had marched off, harry turned to coote and peakes
"i mean, where's he going when he disappears off the map?"i dunno
i thought they were being watched now anyway?"well then, i dunno," said ron
what's going ?"harry pointed his wand hastily at the door of madam pomfrey's office and muttered, "muffliato!" so that she would not come running
"i can't remember enjoying commentary more! what is this, by the way?" he added, holding the onionlike object up to eye level
you remember where that was?" "yes, sir," said harry quickly
"at borgin and burkes?" harry repeated, stunned
"i've something to show you that i've never shown mr. burke! can you keep a secret, tom? will you promise you won't tell mr. burke i've got it? he'd never let me rest if he knew i'd shown it to you, and i'm not selling, not to burke, not to anyone! but you, tom, you'll appreciate it for its history, not how many galleons you can get for it
pretty, isn't it? and again, all kinds of powers attributed to it, though i just keep it nice and safe
"this is your final word?" "it is," said dumbledore, also standing
"dobby has not slept for a week, harry potter!" said dobby proudly, swaying where he stood
"its obvious, isn't it? there was a great vat of it down in the dungeon
dear harry, ron and hermione! aragog died last night
"no, harry you've got to go and see slughorn, remember?" said hermione
"you've got a good feeling about burying a giant spider?" asked ron, looking stunned
"it is, isn't it?" said harry, in a voice barely more than a whisper
"good gracious, is it that time already? you'd better get going boys, or we'll all be in trouble
"how?" "you handed it to me, harry," said dumbledore
"i can?" said harry, thoroughly taken aback
"couldn't we make some more?" ron asked harry, ignoring hermione
"are you telling me," said hermione, "that you're going to go back ?" "and get the book? yeah, i am," said harry forcefully
'prince, hermione, prince!' 'right!' said hermione, red patches blazing in her cheeks as she pulled a very old piece of newsprint out of her pocket and slammed it down on the table in front of harry
'look at that! look at the picture!' harry picked up the crumbling piece of paper and stared at the moving photograph, yellowed with age; ron leaned over for a look, too
' 'well, why not? harry, there aren't any real princes in the wizarding world! it's either a nickname, a made-up title somebody's given themselves, or it could be their actual name, couldn't it? no, listen! if, say, her father was a wizard whose surname was "prince", and her mother was a muggle, then that would make her a "half-blood prince"!' 'yeah, very ingenious, hermione
'how can i have hung round with you for five years and not think girls are clever?' said harry, stung by this
'you don't think i'm mad, wanting that book back, do you?' 'course not,' said ron robustly
'were you try-ing to get in there?' 'i - well - i didn't know students knew about -' 'not all of them do,' said harry
'what has happened to you?' 'nothing,' lied harry promptly
'harry, are you ok?' she added anxiously
"but what if ?" "you swore, did you not, to follow any command i gave you?" "yes, but " "i warned you, did i not, that there might be danger?" "yes," said harry, "but " "well, then," said dumbledore, shaking back his sleeves once more and raising the empty goblet, "you have my orders
but who was it? there is little time, one way or another,' said dumbledore
' 'am i to take it that you are attacking even without the full moon now? this is most unusual
fang's in there, yer evil - !" hagrid bellowed
"no."he did not want to leave dumbledores side, he did not want to move anywhere
so?" said ron in a very low voice, as though he thought the furniture might be listening in
'what about him?' asked harry heavily, slumping back in his chair
shouldn't have left his old book in the bottom of that cupboard, should he?' 'but why didn't he turn you in?' 'i don't ihink he wanted to associate himself with that book,' said hermione
'we're not in any more danger here than we are at home, are we? everywhere's the same now
we've had time, haven't we?' 'we're with you whatever happens,' said ron
"please!" added uncle vernon, wincing slightly as though the word was sharp in his throat
"he's off with some of your lot, isn't he? right, dudley, let's get in the car, you heard the man, we're in a hurry
harry, the time for disarming is past! these people are trying to capture and kill you! at least stun if you aren't prepared to kill!"we were hundreds of feet up! stan's not himself, and if i stunned him and he'd fallen, he'd have died the same as if i'd used avada kedavra! expelliarmus saved me from voldemort two years ago," harry added defiantly
kingsley turned his wand on harry, but lupin said, "it's him, i've checked!"all right, all right!" said kingsley, stowing his wand back beneath his cloak, "but somebody betrayed us! they knew, they knew it was tonight!"so it seems," replied lupin, "but apparently they did not realize that there would be seven harrys
stan?" repeated hermione
"but i thought he was in azkaban?"kingsley let out a mirthless laugh
"pathetic! with the whole wide world of ear-related humor before you, you go for holey?"ah well," said george, grinning at his tear-soaked mother
hi, harry c you are harry, right?"yeah, i am," said harry, moving closer to the sofa
"can't it c?" began mrs. weasley with an appealing look at bill
don't be silly, harry," said mrs. weasley, "what are you talking about?"i can't stay here
but it was supposed to have stopped! your scar c it wasn't supposed to do this anymore! you mustn't let that connection open up again c dumbledore wanted you to close your mind!"when he did not reply, she gripped his arm
harry, he's taking over the ministry and the newspapers and half the wizarding world! don't let him inside your head too!"
don't they realize how important c?"'course they don't," said ron
do ghouls normally wear pajamas?"no," said ron
"it'd be one less for us to do!"yes, but we're still going to have to try and trace the real locket, aren't we?" said hermione, "to find out whether or not it's destroyed
"i wonder how dumbledore destroyed the ring?" said harry
"hagrid, thanks!"'s'nothin'," said hagrid with a wave of a dustbin-lid-sized hand
"the norwegian ridgeback? we call her norberta now
"why is that?"hermione laughed derisively
leaving harry an old snitch c what the hell was that about?"i've no idea," said hermione
made an excuse, did he? not as gormless as he looks in press photographs, then
"wasn't he the one who saw a grim and died twenty-four hours later?" asked hermione
"what is it, a lifetime's supply of gurdyroots?" asked ron
you, barny c you know this man lovegood well?"no, i only met him today
"her health was always too poor to permit her c "- to permit her to leave the house?" cackled muriel
why? were lily and james buried close to dumbledore's mother and sister? had dumbledore visited their graves, perhaps walked past lily's and james's to do so? and he had never once told harry
who's supposed to have put a trace back on him?"hermione did not reply
maybe they're only activated if he shows up?" suggested ron
no!" harry shouted, and though he had raised his wand no spell occurred to him
what were they after, do you think?"information on the order, if it was snape
"so your parents knew her? she was an incredible magic historian
why was everybody so determined that he should not get it?"shall we go down to the kitchen?" hermione suggested after a little pause
sirius's brother?" she whispered
"if he was a death eater he had access to voldemort, and if he became disenchanted, then he would have wanted to bring voldemort down!"she released harry, leaned over the banister, and screamed, "ron! ron! get up here, quick!"ron appeared, panting, a minute later, his wand ready in his hand
she raised her wand and said, "accio locket!"nothing happened
understand?"yes, master," said kreacher, bowing low again
so he can beat himself up with the poker?" snorted harry, kneeling beside the elf
kreacher, i want the truth: how do you know mundungus fletcher stole the locket?"kreacher saw him!" gasped the elf as tears poured over his snout and into his mouth full of graying teeth
"why? where did it come from? what did regulus have to do with it? kreacher, sit up and tell me everything you know about that locket, and everything regulus had to do with it!"the elf sat up, curled into a ball, placed his wet face between his knees, and began to rock backward and forward
i know, but c "well, it's obvious, isn't it, harry?" said ron
"and you tried to destroy it?"nothing kreacher did made any mark upon it," moaned the elf
but he doesn't seem to have explained that to kreacher, does he? and i think i know why
well," said hermione, frowning, "you're married! how does she feel about you going away with us?"tonks will be perfectly safe," said lupin, "she'll be at her parents' house
"oh, how wonderful!" squealed hermione
"but if it makes him go back to tonks, it'll be worth it, won't it?"he could not keep the plea out of his voice
was it true? how could he find out? he wanted to go to godric's hollow, even if bathilda was in no fit state to talk to him: he wanted to visit the place where he and dumbledore had both lost loved ones
what?" he bellowed, writhing in his attempts to free himself from ron's grip
"good thinking!" said ron, looking impressed
"you aren't serious, harry?"i am," said harry
"dumbledore wanted you to use occlumency! he thought the connection was dangerous c voldemort can use it, harry! what good is it to watch him kill and torture, how can it help?"because it means i know what he's doing," said harry
"travers sent you, did he?"y-yes," squeaked hermione
good morning, albert, aren't you getting out?"yes, of course," said harry in runcorn's deep voice
relashio!"the chains clinked and withdrew into the arms of the chair
confused, yaxley looked from harry to the punched wizard, while the real reg cattermole screamed, "my wife! who was that with my wife? what's going on?"harry saw yaxley's head turn, saw an inkling of truth dawn on that brutish face
was it his own blood pulsing through his veins that he could feel, or was it something beating inside the locket, like a tiny metal heart?"what are we going to do with it?" hermione asked
after a while, ron whispered, "couldn't you see what the thief was holding?"no.
"i'm starving! all i've had since i bled half to death is a couple of toadstools!"you go and fight your way through the dementors, then," said harry, stung
you cast the muffliato charm over us, right?" he whispered to hermione
never heard a word," said ted, "not in the prophet, was it?"hardly," chortled dirk
"you believe snape killed dumbledore?"course i do," said ted
and you know, the prophet made a pretty good case against him c "the prophet?" scoffed ted
at last he sputtered, "the quibbler? that lunatic rag of xeno lovegood's?"it's not so lunatic these days," said ted
all this snow!" hermione whispered beneath the cloak
"isn't that a death eater idea? why is that there?"it doesn't mean defeating death in the way the death eaters mean it, harry," said hermione, her voice gentle
oh!"he could see it; the fidelius charm must have died with james and lily
how had rita skeeter unlocked bathilda's memories?"who is this man?" he repeated loudly
hermione, it's the thief, the thief who stole from gregorovitch! please!" he said to bathilda
maybe dumbledore told her to give the sword to me, and only to me?"do you really think she knows who you are?"yes," said harry, looking down into the milky eyes fixed upon his own
what had he done? screamed curses like voldemort, cried like the baby in the crib?"i couldn't get the horcrux off you," hermione said, and he knew she wanted to change the subject
"harry, i don't think, when it's broken like this c"please, hermione, try!"r-reparo
harry?"hermione looked frightened that he might curse her with her own wand
all was ashes: how much more could he lose? ron, dumbledore, the phoenix wand
"you did read that letter to grindelwald, didn't you?"yes, i c i did
"let's get rid of the damn thing, it's been months c"i can't, harry, i'm serious c you do it c"but why?"because that thing's bad for me!" said ron, backing away from the locket on the rock
he had sunk to his knees, his head in his arms. he was shaking, but not, harry realized, from cold
"what?" ron said, gaping from her to harry, but hermione ignored him
you don't reckon it could've been dumbledore?"dumbledore what?"ron looked a little embarrassed, but said in a low voice, "dumbledore
the doe? i mean," ron was watching harry out of the corners of his eyes, "he had the real sword last, didn't he?"harry did not laugh at ron, because he understood too well the longing behind the question
anyway his patronus was a phoenix, not a doe"patronuses can change, though can't they?" said ron, "tonks's changed didn't it?"yeah, but if dumbledore was alive, why wouldn't he show himself? why wouldn't he just hand us the sword?"search me," said ron
*"what?" he said apprehensively
but don't you think if it was, dumbledore would have told me about it before he died?"maybe
a symbol that links dumbledore, grindelwald, and godric's hollow? harry, i'm sure we ought to know about this!"i think we should vote on it," said ron
"sorry?" said hermione, sounding confused
the quibbler's going for a new angle, then?" harry asked coldly, his mind working very fast
potter!"i told you last week lovegood, we weren't coming back for anything less than some solid information! remember last week? when you wanted to swap your daughter for that stupid bleeding headdress? and the week before" c another bang, another squeal c "when you thought we'd give her back if you offered us proof there are cumple" c bang c "headed" cbang c "snorkacks?"no c no c i beg of you!" sobbed xenophilius
you're supposed to be in bed with spattergrolt, ron! they've kidnapped luna because her father supported harry! what would happen to your family if they knew you're with him?"but what about your mum and dad?"they're in australia," said hermione, "they should be all right
"the chamber of secrets was supposed to be a myth, wasn't it?"but the deathly hallows can't exist, ron!"you keep saying that, but one of them can," said ron
was this the answer? hallows versus horcruxes? was there a way after all, to ensure that he was the one who triumphed? if he were the master of the deathly hallows, would he be safe?"harry?"but he scarcely heard hermione: he had pulled out his invisibility cloak and was running it through his fingers, the cloth supple as water, light as air
my mum told sirius that dumbledore borrowed the cloak! this is why! he wanted to examine it, because he thought it was the third hallow! ignotus peverell is buried in godric's hollow
who are you, girly?"penelope clearwater
"accident?" there was more jeering laughter
"but," said harry, his mouth bone dry, "if you just let us c "hey!" came a shout from inside the tent
"we've captured harry potter!"the gates swung open
"mr. ollivander, have you got the nail? if you just move over a little bit
"perhaps you've seen other things in there?"his heart was pounding harder than ever
why? what did she think we'd seen, what else did she think we might have taken? something she was petrified you-know-who would find out about
but /is/ he dead?" said ron, three days after they had arrived at the cottage
he straightened up, looked around the room, making sure of who was there, then cried aloud, "it's a boy! we've named him ted, after dora's father!"hermione shrieked
"you need to treat people like they're scum!"okay, okay!"hermione drew out bellatrix's wand and rapped a brick in the nondescript wall in front of them
'i'm a witch, sir, i'm a witch, let me prove it to you!" he said in a squeaky impersonation
pointing his wand at travers, he muttered, "imperio!" once more
imperio!"the wizard turned and set off along the dark track at a smart pace
"if you want the sword, griphook, then you'll have to help us more than c wait! can i touch stuff with the sword? hermione, give it here!"hermione fumbled insider her robes, drew out a beaded bag, rummaged for a few seconds, then removed the shining sword
"he'll know, won't he? you-know-who will know we know about his horcruxes!"maybe they'll be too scared to tell him!" said ron hopefully, "maybe they'll cover up c"the sky, the smell of the lake water, the sound of ron's voice were extinguished
"let'em have free rein, they'd find him quick enough!"the dark lord wants potter dead by no hands but his c " 'an dementors won't kill him! the dark lord wants potter's life, nor his soul
i'm not having it!"that wasn't your patronus," said a death eater
"stag! you idiot c expecto patronum!"something huge and horned erupted from the wand
"why didn't he say to him, 'take care of yourself, here's how to survive'?"because," said harry before hermione could answer, "sometimes you've got to think about more than your own safety! sometimes you've got to think about the greater good! this is war!"you're seventeen, boy!"i'm of age, and i'm going to keep fighting even if you've given up!"who says i've given up?"the order of the phoenix is finished," harry repeated, "you-know-who's won, it's over, and anyone who's pretending different's kidding themselves
nevertheless, his battered visage shone with happiness as he let go of hermione and said again, "i knew you'd come! kept telling seamus it was a matter of time!"neville, what's happened to you?"what? this?" neville dismissed his injuries with a shake of the head
what did you do with the dragon?"released it into the wild," said ron
just going to make it up as we go along, are we? my favorite kind," said fred
"nobody's ever found a trace of it, have them?"they all shook their heads
and none of you have ever seen anything that looks like it?"they all shook their heads again
"not after the dark lord gets hold of her! she's gone and sent for him, i felt me mark burn, and he thinks we've got potter!"'got potter'?" said professor mcgonagall sharply, "what do you mean, 'got potter'?"he told us potter might try and get inside ravenclaw tower, and to send for him if we caught him!"why would harry potter try to get inside ravenclaw tower! potter belongs in my house!"beneath the disbelief and anger, harry heard a little strain of pride in her voice and affection for minerva mcgonagall gushed up inside him
he hurtled through a classroom door and, moments later, he heard mcgonagall cry, "coward! coward!"what's happened, what's happened?" asked luna
harry, what's happening?" said lupin, meeting him at the foot of the stairs
"we've forgotten someone!"who?" asked hermione
i know, mate," said ron, who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a bludger, "so it's now or never, isn't it?"never mind that, what about the horcrux?" harry shouted
it's that mudblood! avada kedavra!"harry saw hermione dive aside, and his fury that crabbe had aimed to kill wiped all else from his mind
don't kill him! don't kill him!" malfoy yelled at crabbe and goyle, who were both aiming at harry: their split second's hesitation was all harry needed
"but don't you realize?" whispered hermione
"we'll have to, to reach the snake! but let's not lose sight now of what we're supposed to be d-doing! we're the only ones who can end it!"she was crying too, and she wiped her face on her torn and singed sleeve as she spoke, but she took great heaving breaths to calm herself as, still keeping a tight hold on ron, she turned to harry
as she turned the corner, they heard her scream,"charge!"harry, you get the cloak on," said hermione
perhaps you already know it? you are a clever man, after all, severus
"what d'you want?"petunia was breathless, alarmed at being caught
what is that you're wearing, anyway?" she said, pointing at snape's chest
"maybe once i'm there c no, listen, tuney! maybe once i'm there, i'll be able to go to professor dumbledore and persuade him to change his mind!"i don't c want c to c go!" said petunia, and she dragged her hand back out of her sister's grasp
"why are you so obsessed with them anyway? why do you care what they're doing at night?"i'm just trying to show you they're not as wonderful as everyone seems to think they are
i never meant to call you mudblood, it just c "slipped out?" there was no pity in lily's voice
why even touch it?"marvolo gaunt's ring lay on the desk before dumbledore
"did you think that breaking the ring would break the curse?"something like that
you have kept him alive so that he can die at the right moment?"don't be shocked, severus
"expecto patronum!"from the tip of his wand burst the silver doe
"i don't want to fight anymore!"i know," said ginny, and her voice broke
"does it hurt?"the childish question had fallen from harry's lips before he could stop it
i'm dead too?"ah," said dumbledore, smiling still more broadly
are you sure we can't do anything?"there is no help possible
would i?" asked dumbledore heavily
how could he remain angry with dumbledore now?"why did you have to make it so difficult?"dumbledore's smile was tremulous
he would not think that he needed the cloak, and as for the stone, whom would he want to bring back from the dead? he fears the dead
"i've got a choice?"oh yes," dumbledore smiled at him
of course it is happening inside your head, harry, but why on earth should that mean it is not real?"
out of my way!" shouted mrs. weasley to the three girls, and with a simple swipe of her wand she began to duel
haven't you noticed how none of the spells you put on them are binding? you can't torture them
"does the wand in your hand know its last master was disarmed? because if it does
