what could he have been thinking of? it must have been a trick of the light
"why?" "funny stuff on the news," mr. dursley mumbled
was he imagining things? could all this have anything to do with the potters? if it did
"could i  could i say good-bye to him, sir?" asked hagrid
"comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting
'atta boy, dudley!" he ruffled dudley's hair
"hurry up, boy!" shouted uncle vernon from the kitchen
"p-p-petunia!" he gasped
"don't ask questions!" snapped his uncle
then he shouted, "there's another one! 'mr. h
potter? only i got about an 'undred of these at the front desk
"come on! everyone out!" it was very cold outside the car
"it' s them as should be sorry! i knew yeh weren't gettin' yer letters but i never thought yeh wouldn't even know abou' hogwarts, fer cryin' out loud! did yeh never wonder where yet parents learned it all?" "all what?" asked harry
"what world?" hagrid looked as if he was about to explode
"you never told him? never told him what was in the letter dumbledore left fer him? i was there! i saw dumbledore leave it, dursley! an' you've kept it from him all these years?" "kept what from me?" said harry eagerly
"how could a car crash kill lily an' james potter? it's an outrage! a scandal! harry potter not knowin' his own story when every kid in our world knows his name!" "but why? what happened?" harry asked urgently
"not a wizard, eh? never made things happen when you was scared or angry?" harry looked into the fire
"stop lily an' james potter' s son goin' ter hogwarts! yer mad
"got everythin'? come on, then
"still got yer letter, harry?" he asked as he counted stitches
scared of the students, scared of his own subject now, where's me umbrella?" vampires? hags? harry's head was swimming
"hogwarts, clear?" she said, when harry started to speak
"you all right, harry? yer very quiet," said hagrid
"would it be all right if you gave me a lift?" grunt
"platform what?" "nine and three-quarters
"now, what's the platform number?" said the boys' mother
"are you really harry potter?" ron blurted out
do you want it? you can start collecting
"do they? what, they don't move at all?" ron sounded amazed
"think my name's funny, do you? no need to ask who you are
"new students!" said the fat friar, smiling around at them
so put me on! don't be afraid! and don't get in a flap! you're in safe hands (though i have none) for i'm a thinking cap!" the whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song
"how's yer brother charlie?" hagrid asked ron
"no!" shouted hermione granger
what's the matter? never heard of a wizard's duel before, i suppose?" "of course he has," said ron, wheeling around
"what?" harry turned around  and saw, quite clearly, what
"you don't use your eyes, any of you, do you?" she snapped
"i thought you weren't speaking to us?" said harry
so what are they for?" he pointed at the three balls left inside the box
"it's the girls' bathroom!" harry gasped
"did you get it?" ron asked as harry joined them
but what's he after? what's that dog guarding?" harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question
"what are you doing?" moaned ron, gray-faced
"what are you looking for, boy?" "nothing," said harry
"you will keep looking while i'm away, won't you?" said hermione
where should he go? he stopped, his heart racing, and thought
"i've found him!" he whispered
"i knew it! i knew it!" "are we allowed to speak yet?" said ron grumpily
"no wonder snape's after it! anyone would want it
"but there aren't wild dragons in britain?" said harry
"hagrid, can we have a window open? i'm boiling
how much had he heard? harry didn't like the look on malfoy's face at all
norbert! norbert! where's mommy?" "he's lost his marbles," ron muttered in harry's ear
"four students out of bed in one night! i've never heard of such a thing before! you, miss granger, i thought you had more sense
how could they ever make up for this? harry didn't sleep all night
"what good'll that do? how are we going to get any points back if we can't win at quidditch?" but even quidditch had lost its fun
"how are yeh?" he walked forward and shook the centaur's hand
"are there many of them in here?" asked hermione
"d'you think that was a centaur we heard earlier?" said harry
"all  all three of us?" "oh, come off it, you don't think we'd let you go alone?" "of course not," said hermione briskly
"lucky!" shrieked hermione
"look at you both!" she leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall
"do you think they'll attack us if we cross the room?" said ron
"what about you?" "i'm going to be a knight," said ron
"look!" hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles
"but so will we, won't we?" "of course not," said hermione
"but how do we know which to drink?" "give me a minute
"what do you see?" harry screwed up his courage
"potter, come back here!" quirrell shouted
"master, you are not strong enough!" "i have strength enough
why don't you give me that stone in your pocket?" so he knew
then he remembered: "sir! the stone! it was quirrell! he's got the stone! sir, quick " "calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said dumbledore
is that true?" "well, they did rather detest each other
"just the one?" "how did i get the stone out of the mirror?" "ah, now, i'm glad you asked me that
then he choked and said, "alas! ear wax!" madam pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict
"look, mom! i can see "be quiet, ginny, and it's rude to point
and dudley?" "i'll be waiting to open the door
"may i take your coats, mr. and mrs. mason?" "they'll love him!" cried aunt petunia rapturously
he wanted to ask, "what are you?" but thought it would sound too rude, so instead he said, "who are you?" "dobby, sir
"all right!" cried harry, grabbing the elf's arm to stop him
"draco malfoy?" said george, turning around
"touchdown!" said fred as, with a slight bump, they hit the ground
"gerroff me! gerroff me!" squealed the gnome
"harry who?" he looked around, saw harry, and jumped
"you've been told to get all lockhart's books, too!" he said
"not lost are you, my dear?" said a voice in his ear, making him jump
"if i'd've known -" "harry! harry! over here!" harry looked up and saw hermione granger standing at the top of the white flight of steps to gringotts
"well, gotta be off," said hagrid, who was having his hand wrung by mrs. weasley ("knockturn alley! if you hadn't found him, hagrid!")
"ron!" said mr. weasley, struggling over with fred and george
"there!" harry shouted, making ron and hedwig jump
"silence!" snapped snape again
"why couldn't we get through the barrier?" harry shrugged
"brilliant!" yelled lee jordan
flying a car to hogwarts! well, of course, i knew at once why you'd done it
wasn't that your flying car?" ron didn't smile
"of what? i don't want a foul scar right across my head, thanks
"why's that first year taking pictures? i don't like it
"if you need help, you know where i am! i'll let you have a copy of my book
well, good-bye!" and he strode away toward the castle
"what are you talking about, harry? perhaps you're getting a litde drowsy? great scott - look at the time! we've been here nearly four hours! id never have believed it - the time's flown, hasn't it?" harry didn't answer
"can you taste it if you walk though it?" harry asked him
peeves shot after her, pelting her with moldy peanuts, yelling, "pimply! pimply!" "oh, dear," said hermione sadly
"how are you? head still hanging in there?" he gave a hearty guffaw and clapped nearly headless nick on the shoulder
"harry, what're we -" "shh!" harry strained his ears
"you! you've murdered my cat! you've killed her! i'll kill you! i'll -" "argus!" dumbledore had arrived on the scene, followed by a number of other teachers
"they're starting a dueling club!" said seamus
"wands at the ready!" shouted lockhart
"what's bad?" said harry, starting to feel quite angry
"hermione, are you okay?" said harry through the door
"and what're you doing down here, weasley?" he sneered
"you want to show a bit more respect to a school prefect!" he said
"what's the new password again?" he said to harry
myrtle puffed herself up and shrieked, "let's all throw books at myrtle, because she can't feel it! ten points if you can get it through her stomach! fifty points if it goes through her head! well, ha, ha, ha! what a lovely game, i don't think!" "who threw it at you, anyway?" asked harry
"what yer doin' down here, tom?" riddle stepped closer
"the voice!" said harry, -looking over his shoulder
"do you think it's malfoy, harry?" ernie asked
"what if she never left the bathroom? what if she's still there?" ron rubbed his eyes, frowning through the moonlight
"what's up?" said ron, helping himself to more porridge
"what d'you want me to do?" said lockhart weakly
"the adventure ends here, boys!" he said
"how did ginny get like this?" he asked slowly
"what d'you mean?" said harry, whose mouth had gone very dry
"no!" harry heard riddle screaming
"have you thought how we're going to get back up this?" he said to ron
"you saved her! you saved her! how did you do it?" "i think we'd all like to know that," said professor mcgonagall weakly
"so  have you stopped the attacks yet?" he sneered
"how should i know how the stupid little girl got hold of it?" he said
"harry potter is greater by far than dobby knew!" he sobbed
"and why should i do that?" sneered uncle vernon
"come back in here!" he bellowed
"where are we, ern? somewhere in wales?" "ar," said ernie
big trouble it caused, dinnit, ern?" "ar," said ern darkly
"sorry, i  i forgot " "forgot!" said stan weakly
"ern! ern! guess 'oo neville is, ern! 'e's 'arry potter! i can see 'is scar!" "yes," said fudge testily, "well, i'm very glad the knight bus picked harry up, but he and i need to step inside the leaky cauldron now
"punishment?" "i broke the law!" harry said
"you bought that monster?" said ron, his mouth hanging open
"he didn't mean to, did you, crookshanks?" said hermione
"what were you saying?" ron asked harry as they sat down
"'what's going on?" said ron's voice from behind harry
"ron, that was my foot!" harry felt his way back to his seat
"i'm here!" "ouch!" said neville
"what happened? where's that  that thing? who screamed?" "no one screamed," said ron, more nervously still
"did you faint as well, weasley?" said malfoy loudly
"we should've known!" ron roared, pounding the table
"you didn't pass out, though, did you?" said harry in a low voice
"are you all right?" said harry, moving closer to the picture
"it's polite, see? yeh walk toward him, and yeh bow, an' yeh wait
"yeh're not to go wanderin' around after dark, harry! an, you two! lettin' him!" hagrid strode over to harry, grabbed his arm, and pulled him to the door
"what are you talking about, malfoy?" said ron roughly
"why are you carrying all these around with you?" ron asked her
"excellent! ron, you next!" ron leapt forward
"did you see me take that banshee?" shouted seamus
"does he have to eat that in front of us?" said ron, scowling
then "was binky an old rabbit?" "n  no!" sobbed lavender
was it pity? "i'm sorry, potter, but that's my final word
"password?" said the fat lady, jerking out of a doze
"cup of tea?" lupin said, looking around for his kettle
"no. all well here?" "everything under control, sir
"diggory's put a very strong side together! he's an excellent seeker! i was afraid you'd take it like this! we mustn't relax! we must keep our focus! slytherin is trying to wrong-foot us! we must win!" "oliver, calm down!" said fred, looking slightly alarmed
"come on!" he growled at his nimbus as the rain whipped his face
"what happened? are we doing a replay?" no one said anything
"we can do all our christmas shopping there!" said hermione
merry christmas! "see?" said ron quietly
"are you going to report me?" harry asked her, grinning
"so what are you saying?" said ron, looking very tense
we haven't visited him for ages!" "no!" said hermione quickly
"hagrid!" called harry, thumping the door
"i couldn' leave him tied up out there in the snow!" choked hagrid
"won't make no diff'rence!" sobbed hagrid
"nothing! blimey, who'd spend that much on you?" "well," said harry, feeling stunned, "i'm betting it wasn't the dursleys
or did he? lupin grasped the lid of the packing case and pulled
if we lose this game we've lost the quidditch cup!" "all right then
then came a new voice, a man's voice, shouting, panicking  "lily, take harry and go! it's him! go! run! i'll hold him off " the sounds of someone stumbling ftom a room  a door bursting open  a cackle of high- pitched laughter  "harry! harry
"excellent, harry! that was definitely a start!" "can we have another go? just one more go?" "not now," said lupin firmly
"she gave it to you? excellent! listen, can i still have a go on it? tomorrow?" "yeah
"see, hermione? there wasn't anything wrong with it!" said ron
"how are you getting through all this stuff?" harry asked her
"harry, i'm letting the snitch out!" wood called
"yes!" ron yelled, yanking harry's arm into the air
"but  but the password!" "he had 'em!" said sir cadogan proudly
"d'you reckon we should tell someone?" harry asked ron
"aaargh!" he yelled, pointing at harry's head
i know the truth, all right? he saved your life! dumbledore told me! you wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for my dad!" snape's sallow skin had gone the color of sour milk
"why don't i just  throw this away?" his hand moved toward the fire
"show yourself!" snape said, tapping the map sharply
"you mean, by mr. wormtail or one of these people?" he said
"or have you just been to tell on us?" "no," said hermione
"you were with us till we were right outside the classroom!" "i don't believe it!" hermione wailed
'the fates have informed her' who sets the exam? she does! what an amazing prediction!" she said, not troubling to keep her voice low
the gr " "oh, for goodness' sake!" said hermione loudly
it came as a relief when wood suddenly stood up and yelled, "team! bed!" harry slept badly
"ron! wake up!" "huh?" i need you to tell me if you can see something!" "s'all dark, harry," ron muttered thickly
"hermione!" said lupin, startled
"did you see them? they've even got the axe ready! this isn't justice!" "ron, your dad works for the ministry, you can't go saying things like that to his boss!" said hermione, but she too looked very upset
"ron, i don't believe it  it's scabbers!" ron gaped at her
"they did it!" she whispered to harry
"what's the matter with you, you stupid rat? stay still  ouch! he bit me!" "ron, be quiet!" hermione whispered urgently
so what if he had to kill the cat too? it was in league with black
"where is he, sirius?" harry looked quickly at lupin
who was lupin talking about? he turned to look at black again
"don't believe it!" hermione screamed
"is he mad?" "some of the staff thought so," said lupin
"but how did that help you?" said hermione, sounding puzzled
why? because i was too cowardly
get out of the way, potter!" harry made up his mind in a split second
"not looking too good at the moment, though, is he?" said lupin
"then i should've let snape take you!" harry shouted
"of course i want to leave the dursleys! have you got a house? when can i move in?" black turned right around to look at him; snape's head was scraping the ceiling but black didn't seem to care
"he didn't take his potion tonight! he's not safe!" "run," black whispered
"stay where you are!" harry shouted, running forward
loads of them ended up killing their past or future selves by mistake!" "okay!" said harry
"buckbeak, move!" harry hissed
"stop!" he whispered to hermione
i saw it! just here!" "how extraordinary," said dumbledore
but how could it have been? "didn't you see what they looked like?" said hermione eagerly
"here we come!" hermione whispered
"we've got to move!" "we mustn't, i keep telling you " "not to interfere! lupin's going to run into the forest, right at us!" hermione gasped
"quick!" she moaned, dashing to untie buckbeak
"okay, buckbeak, up!" said harry, shaking the rope
"what happened to the other boy? ron?" croaked sirius
"what did you do?" "professor snape!" shrieked madam pomfrey
madam pomfrey, have these students left their beds?" "of course not!" said madam pomfrey, bristling
it's not true, is it?" "i'm afraid it is," said lupin
"you're not leaving just because of that!" said harry
"it's the quidditch world cup this summer! how about it, harry? come and stay, and we'll go and see it! dad can usually get tickets from work
"in-indeed, my lord?" said wormtail
"lord, is it? well, i don't think much of your manners, my lord
but you-know-who can't be near you now, can he? i mean
you'd know, wouldn't you? he'd be trying to do you in again, wouldn't be? i dunno, harry, maybe curse scars always twinge a bit
"feeling up to a long journey?" he asked her
"i'll be at ron's when you get back, all right?" harry told her
"what's the matter?" but dudley didn't seem able to speak
"mr. weasley? can you hear me?" the hammering stopped
"eclectic, you say? with a plug? gracious, i must see that
"hello, harry!" said mr. weasley brightly
"you dropped it on purpose!" roared mr. weasley
"er - why are you calling that owl pig?" harry asked ron
"have you had a good summer, harry?" said hermione
"george!" said mrs. weasley sharply, and they all jumped
"long walk, arthur?" cedric's father asked
"morning!" said mr. weasley brightly
"how many times, kevin? you don't - touch - daddy's - wand - yecchh! " she had trodden on the giant slug, which burst
"'really grumpy?" ron raised his eyes to the heavens
"arthur, old man," he puffed as he reached the campfire, "what a day, eh? what a day! could we have asked for more perfect weather? a cloudless night coming
"top box! straight upstairs, arthur, and as high as you can go
jumping from the box into the stadium seemed a good idea.
"time-out! ah, come on, he can't play like that, look at him -" "look at lynch!" harry yelled
"he's got it - krum's got it - it's all over!" shouted harry
"i suppose your daddy told you all to hide? what's he up to - trying to rescue the muggles?" "where're your parents?" said harry, his temper rising
when they saw harry, ron, and hermione, a girl with thick curly hair turned and said quickly, "o? est madame maxime? nous l'avons perdue -" "er - what?" said ron
"and you were discovered moments later, right beneath it! an explanation, if you please!" "i - i - i is not doing it, sir!" winky gasped
"well, mr. crouch is quite right to get rid of an elf like that!" he said
"she didn't run amok!" shouted hermione
"but - he wasn't there, was he? you-know-who? i mean - last time your scar kept hurting, he was at hogwarts, wasn't he?" "i'm sure he wasn't on privet drive," said harry
"don't - say - his - name!" ron hissed through gritted teeth
"what?" said ron, looking horror-struck
"did someone say mad-eye?" bill asked
"who is mad-eye?" asked harry
"where is it? what country?" "well, nobody knows, do they?" said hermione, raising her eyebrows
"it was brilliant! and something in the water grabbed me and pushed me back in the boat!" "cool!" said colin, just as excitedly
"mad-eye moody? the one your dad went to help this morning?" "must be," said ron in a low, awed voice
"you're joking!" said fred weasley loudly
"weasley! hey, weasley!" harry, ron, and hermione turned
anyone know any others?" harry looked around
"spew?" said harry, picking up a badge and looking at it
"about time!" said harry, hurrying after her
"cedric?" said ron blankly as ernie hurried off
"there!" yelled a sixth year, pointing over the forest
"krum, harry! viktor krum!" "for heaven's sake, ron, he's only a quidditch player," said hermione
"skrewts doing all right, hagrid?" harry called
coughing, ron said, "hagrid, what's that?" "eh?" said hagrid, turning around with a large bottle in his hand
"come on, barry, i'm staying!" said bagman brightly
why? to give him a treat? he didn't think so, somehow
"what would they do that for?" "i dunno," said harry
"want one, granger?" said malfoy, holding out a badge to hermione
"and what is all this noise about?" said a soft, deadly voice
"what do they want photos for, colin?" "the daily prophet, i think!" "great," said harry dully
"good luck!" said colin when they had reached the right room
to add a bit of color?" "certainly!" cried bagman
"i have not got tears in my eyes!" said harry loudly
"and i know he misses you -" "miss him?" said harry
"hagrid, what - ?" "shhh!" said hagrid, and he knocked three times on the door bearing the crossed golden wands
"they can shoot fire at a range of twenty feet, you know! i've seen this horntail do forty!" "is'n' it beautiful?" said hagrid softly
"all right, hagrid?" he panted, coming over to talk
they showed themselves at the quidditch world cup, didn't they? someone set off the dark mark.
got any ideas how you're going to get past your dragon yet?" said moody
"well, now we're all here - time to fill you in!" said bagman brightly
"very good indeed!" bagman was shouting
"one down, three to go!" bagman yelled as the whistle blew again
"looking good!" ron yelled, thumping harry on the back
"right little ray of sunshine, aren't you?" said ron
harry!" said rita skeeter as she looked around
"and then dobby had the idea. harry potter, sir! 'why doesn't dobby and winky find work together?' dobby says
"doesn't think much of bagman, though, does she?" said harry
"got any idea who you're going to try?" harry didn't answer
you lot got dates for the ball yet?" "nope," said ron
"wangoballwime?" "sorry?" said cho
i mean, who would?" "don't!" said ginny, annoyed
"that do? will you come now?" "i've already told you!" hermione said very angrily
"she really thinks a lot of herself, that one, doesn't she?" "hermione - who are you going to the ball with?" said ron
"what?" said harry, who was now watching cho and cedric
"it's hot, isn't it?" said hermione, fanning herself with her hand
"are you going to ask me to dance at all?" padma asked him
"vare is herm-own-ninny?" said a voice
"lost her, have you?" krum was looking surly again
"did you know?" he whispered
"there's nothing wrong with hagrid!" "i know there isn't, but
take a bath, okay?" "what?" "take a bath, and - er - take the egg with you, and - er - just mull things over in the hot water
"what d'you mean, 'we all hate hagrid'?" harry spat at malfoy
"hagrid, it's us!" harry shouted, pounding on the door
"what did he want?" ron said, the moment harry had sat down
"what's this racket? wake up the whole castle, will you? i'll have you, peeves, i'll have you, you'll
"peeves?" said snape softly, staring at the egg in filch's hands
"hes a trusting man, isn't he? believes in second chances
he said slowly, "you didn't happen, by any chance, to see who broke into snapes office, did you? on this map, i mean?" "er
moody waved the map in front of harry, who braced himself-" can i borrow this?" "oh!" said harry
"the task's about to start!" harry looked around
"gabrielle! gabrielle! is she alive? is she 'urt?" "she's fine!" harry tried to tell her, but he was so exhausted he could hardly talk, let alone shout
"do you see? it's never been this clear, never since - " "put it away!" snarled snape, his black eyes sweeping the classroom
"but crouch didn't turn up for the match?" "no," said harry
"yeah, but he didn't stay in the forest, did he?" said ron
"master- hic- ill?" her bottom lip began to tremble
"they won't want us visiting them now! we could've tried to get more stuff out of winky about crouch!" "oh as if you care about that!" scoffed hermione
"good thinking!" said harry, also looking up at the owls
"i warned her not to annoy rita skeeter! look at this one
"well, let's check how yeh've done!" said hagrid
"i want to know how she heard me talking to viktor! and how she found out about hagrids mum!" "maybe she had you bugged," said harry
"haven't we got enough to worry about?" ron asked her
you?" he whispered
"i'll get dumbledore if you let me go, mr. crouch!" said harry
"is there a problem?" he said, looking between harry and snape
ha! you can' trust any of'em!" hagrid was in such a bad mood, harry was quite glad to say good-bye to him in front of the fat lady
"what're you doing here?" ron and fred said at the same time
"did you find him?" harry asked without preamble
"just like moody and hagrid! so listen to them!" "no one's tried to attack me all year," said harry
"you were rolling on the floor, clutching your scar! come now
"it was you who found him, was it not?" "yes," said harry
"yet you say you have some names for us?" said mr. crouch
"we were going to do the impediment curse! we'll have to really get down to it tomorrow! come on
"what's malfoy doing?" harry and hermione went to see
"there you are, are you?" he said, looking harry up and down
on my whistle, harry and cedric!" said bagman
did he dare move his foot? he could hear the blood pounding in his ears
could i have the last bit again?" she gave him the last four lines
a spider!" the sphinx smiled more broadly
he unfolded his arms. "you - you sure?" "yeah," said harry
we've helped each other out, haven't we? we both got here
"did anyone tell you the cup was a portkey?" he asked
but they both had their uses, did they not? your mother died to defend you as a child
"the dark lord was there? what happened then?" "killed cedric
"and the death eaters? they returned?" "yes," said harry
who nudged hagrid into showing you the dragons? i did
"crouch!" snape said, stopping dead in the doorway
"you is killed him! you is killed him! you is killed master's son!" "he is simply stunned, winky," said dumbledore
"the reverse spell effect?" said sirius sharply
"so what happens when a wand meets its brother?" said sirius
am i correct, harry?" "he spoke to me," harry said
sirius, would you like to stay with him?" sirius nodded and stood up
"you'd better hurry up!" ron called loudly after her
"well, it was you, really, who gave me the idea. harry," she said
"he didn't refuse!" gasped hermione
'listening to the news! again?' 'well, it changes every day, you see,' said harry
'don't the boys know that's what your mum calls you?' 'shut your face
'd'you understand me?' 'point that thing somewhere else!' 'i said, do you understand me?' 'point it somewhere else!' 'do you understand me?' 'get that thing away from - ' dudley gave an odd
'what if there are more of them around? oh, i'm going to kill mundungus fletcher!'
' 's'up, figgy?' he said, staring from mrs figg to harry and dudley
'wait!' harry shouted after her
'he's ill, vernon!' 'what is it, son? what's happened did mrs polkiss give you something foreign for tea?' 'why are you all covered in dirt, darling? have you been lying on the ground?' 'hang on - you haven't been mugged, have you, son?' aunt petunia screamed
' 'shh! he's trying to say something, vernon! what is it, diddy? tell mummy!' harry's foot was on the bottom-most stair when dudley found his voice
'you can't pull that one on me!' snarled uncle vernon
'so you admit it! what did you do to dudley?' 'nothing,' said harry, slightly less calmly
mrs figg was one thing - but aunt petunia? 'how d'you know that?' he asked her, astonished
'sit back down!' 'what now?' said harry impatiently
that's it, isn't it, boy? you're on the run from the law!' 'of course i'm not,' said harry, shaking his head as though to scare off a fly, his mind racing now
it you're going the same way as your useless parents, i've had it! out!' harry stood rooted to the spot
'get going! you were all keen to leave half an hour ago! i'm right behind you! get out and never darken our doorstep again! why we ever kept you in the first place, i don't know, marge was right, it should have been the orphanage
'p-petunia?' she raised her head
'sorry?' 'we - that is to say, your aunt, dudley and i - are going out
'don't put your wand there, boy!' roared moody
right - got everything? cauldron? broom? wow! - a firebolt?' her eyes widened as they fell on the broomstick in harry's right hand
' 'you need to what?' said harry nervously
'we're all frozen to our brooms! if we keep going off-course we're not going to get there until next week! besides, we're nearly there now!' 'time to start the descent!' came lupin's voice
'here we go!' called tonks, and a few seconds later she had landed
'why?' 'i don't want anything to wake up
' 'couldn't percy do that?' harry asked
'i'm sorry!' wailed tonks, who was lying flat on the floor
the order of the phoenix 'your - ?' 'my dear old mum, yeah,' said sirius
'had a good summer so far?' 'no, it's been lousy,' said harry
' 'how come?' asked harry, frowning
'fred - george - no, just carry them!' mrs weasley shrieked
'fine! ginny - bed!' ginny did not go quietly
'how d'you know what his plans are?' harry asked quickly
' 'how can he think that?' said harry angrily
' 'when he was powerful before?' 'yes
'when are you going to start using his name? sirius and lupin do
'so, got there yet?' said george eagerly
'we didn't hear about that on the old extendables, did we?' 'what d'you reckon it is?' said harry
' 'a weapons going to be a lot bigger than the stone, though!' said ron
'fred, what are you doing?' said mrs weasley sharply
'spray that at once and throw it away!' harry looked round
'what do you want, anyway?' george asked
' 'you ran away from home?' 'when i was about sixteen,' said sirius
'how are you feeling?' harry shrugged
'all right, arthur?' said the wizard, nodding at mr weasley
what've you got there, bob?' asked mr weasley, looking at the box
' 'always?' boomed madam bones
'so you wouldn't have me registered, would you?' 'a squib, eh?' said fudge, eyeing her closely
' that's enough! settle down!' shouted mr weasley, though he too was smiling
'did you - did you get - ?' she spotted the badge in harry's hand and let out a shriek
'you've got to have a reward for this!' said mrs weasley fondly
'not a really good one!' ron hastened to add
'or what?' said fred, an evil grin spreading across his face
arthur, i don't want this lot up too late, all right? night, harry, dear
'you all right, potter?' grunted moody
what must you think of me?' she said shakily
is ginny all right?' harry asked, shoving on his glasses
'nice dog, harry!' called a tall boy with dreadlocks
'no trouble?' growled moody
'guess what i got for my birthday?' said neville
'does it - er - do anything?' he asked
'are you taking the mickey?' said ron, frowning at her
'where's pig?' said ron's voice, right behind harry
' 'ow kunnit nofe skusin danger ifzat?' said ron
' 'what?' said harry, pausing in the act of pulling off his robes
' what d'you mean?' said harry quickly
' 'she believes the daily prophet?' said harry
'he's having a go at my mother!' seamus yelled
'why?' 'because we're prefects!' said hermione, as they climbed out through the portrait hole
'what?' said both harry and ron together
'what did that mean?' said hermione, looking from harry to f
'd'you reckon it's true this year's going to be really tough? because of the exams?' 'oh, yeah,' said ron
'you don't even try to listen to him, do you?' 'we do try,' said ron
'hello, harry!' it was cho chang and, what was more, she was on her own again
'and your name is?' 'hermione granger,' said hermione
'yes, miss granger? you wanted to ask something else?' 'yes,' said hermione
' 'well, he turned out to be a maniac, didn't he?' said dean hotly
'sent? what do you mean, sent?' he held out the note from professor umbridge
' 'who does he think he's kidding?' 'pur-lease
'how can he let that terrible woman teach us? and in our owl year, too!' 'well, we've never had great defence against the dark arts teachers, have we?' said harry
'make us write lines?' said george, smirking
'don't you dare touch those hats, ron!' she turned on her heel and left
'hey - i forgot - did she let you off for friday?' 'no,' said harry
'well, why didn't you do any last night?' hermione asked him
'where were you, anyway?' 'i was
'she's sick! go to mcgonagall, say something!' 'no,' said harry at once
you don't fancy going out a bit earlier with me, do you? just to - er - give me some practice before training? so i can, you know, get my eye in a bit
'look at this!' 'i've got all the robes i want,' said ron 'no,' said harry
'sturgis podmore?' said ron slowly
'so you haven't had any news about hagrid, either?' 'ah
'still, better than "d", isn't it? 'dreadful"?' harry felt his face grow warm and faked a small coughing fit over his roll
"s too late, isn't it? she's got the job, she's here to stay
'isn't it obvious?' she said
'me?' said harry now grinning more broadly than ever
'you're not still in contact with him, are you?' 'so what if i am
?' said hermione coolly, though her face was a little pink
so - is it really true? you make a stag patronus?' 'yes,' said harry
'look,' he said, and everyone fell silent at once, 'i .
'oh, yes, they do!' said luna angrily
'you read the sign, it mentions teams too! so listen, harry
'well, that's put us in our place, hasn't it?' harry knocked
'what was he doing in the hog's head?' 'what do you think he was doing?' said sirius impatiently
'i think it's an excellent idea!' 'you do?' said harry, his heart lifting
'about siri - snuffles?' said harry
' 'what?' said harry and ron together
'did you see him?' said ron, looking horrified
'is this what it was about last time?' said ron in a hushed voice
'what is it, then?' harry was thinking himself back
'dobby has your owl, sir!' said a squeaky voice
' what about your parents?' asked harry
good luck, ronald!' she drifted away
'saved weasley's neck, haven't you?' he said to harry
did you like my lyrics, potter?' harry didn't answer
now, where is it? cornelius just sent it
what on earth are we going to do?' it did not feel as though they had won the match at all
'per the las' time, it's nuthin'!' said hagrid firmly
' 'and you found them?' said hermione in a hushed voice
'so why don't muggles - ?' they do,' said hagrid darkly
' 'why couldn't you speak to them that day?' asked hermione
' 'whose head?' gasped hermione
' 'death eaters?' said harry quickly
' 'how d'you know they were death eaters?' said ron
'didn't they attack you when they saw you?' asked hermione
' 'six or seven?' said ron eagerly
'wha's that?' said hagrid, frowning
'what sort of accident?' 'i - i tripped
' 'really?' said umbridge
'so?' said ron, looking up when she entered
' 'oh, don't go!' said cho, sounding tearful again
' 'how're we going?' asked fred, looking shaken
'it's our dad dying we're talking about!' yelled george
'fawkes!' said sirius at once, snatching up the parchment
'can i have a quick word? er - now?' he walked into the dark pantry and sirius followed
'next!' mrs weasley moved forward to the desk
'so where were you when it happened, dad?' asked george
so, potter says he saw it all happen?' 'yes,' said mrs weasley
' they do, do they?' said harry, glaring at ron and ginny
'and you won't look at any of us!' 'it's you lot who won't look at me!' said harry angrily
'all been talking about me, have you? well, i'm getting used to it
'what floor's this?' 'i think it's the fifth,' said hermione
'blimey!' said ron, also staring at the man
' 'study what?' said harry blankly
'why do i have to study occlu - thing?' he blurted out
'sirius, don't!' 'are you calling me a coward?' roared sirius, trying to push harry out of the way, but harry would not budge
you're cured? that's great news, really great
well, you won't be sorry not to have them any more, will you?' 'extra lessons with snape?' said ron, sounding aghast
'how do you know?' said harry urgently
'then prove it! master yourself!' spat snape
'what?' said harry and ron together
'what now?' said harry quickly; he was feeling jumpy
' 'i am working!' said harry, nettled
'you're meeting hermione granger? today?' 'yeah
d'you want to come with me? she said it wouldn't matter if you did
if they'd lived, life woulda bin diff'rent, eh?' 'yeah
'harry! harry, over here!' hermione was waving at him from the other side of the room
'the quibbler!' she said, cackling
'ok, harry?' said hermione, turning to him
'oh, harry, don't you see?' hermione breathed
'you are sure of your facts, rookwood?' asked harry
'how do that man and that room come to be inside your head, potter?' said snape
'what the - ?' he muttered
'no! this cannot be happening
' 'you've found - ?' said umbridge shrilly
'and i still - 'can't - do it!' she added angrily
they are sort of nice, aren't they?' she said, looking at it fondly
'what about her? dobby - she hasn't found out about this - 'about us - about the da?' he read the answer in the elf's stricken face
stand up, potter!' harry got to his feet, glaring at the pair of them
'oho!' said fudge, bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet again
'what do you mean by shaking your head, dear?' said umbridge in a testy voice
'are you all right?' dumbledore asked
'where is he?' yelled fudge, pushing himself up from the floor
'noticed, have you?' said fred's voice
' 'have you ever?' asked hermione
'guilty conscience, eh?' he wheezed
where is sirius black?' 'no idea,' said harry loudly
'a lovely person who made a mistake? she sold us all out, including you!' 'well
'well, we'll soon find out, won't we?' said snape smoothly
' 'how did he get in there?' demanded snape
'leave him alone!' lily shouted
'how come you're not at practice?' 'it's over,' said ginny
' 'why?' 'well, we're not sure, but we think he knocked himself out with his own bat
'are - you - insane?' said hermione in a hushed voice
'i'm sorry!' said hermione, with her hands over her mouth
'any questions, potter?' 'yes,' said harry
'sirius?' the man jumped and looked around
'stop them!' shrieked umbridge, but it was too late
'no, i wasn't!' she said angrily
'listen,' he whispered, 'can yeh come with me? now? while ev'ryone's watchin' the match?' 'er
' 'good!' said hermione, as harry set her back on her feet
' 'and was it?' said harry, before he could stop himself
'oh, hagrid, why did you bring him back if he didn't want to come? wouldn't he have been happier with his own people?' they were all bullyin' him, hermione, 'cause he's so small!' said hagrid
'you have to keep him tied up?' said hermione faintly
'now, grawpy, don' do that!' shouted hagrid
'this is hermy, grawp! an' she's gonna be comin' an' all! is'n' tha' nice? eh? two friends fer yeh ter - grawpy, no!' grawp's hand had shot out of nowhere towards hermione; harry seized her and pulled her backwards behind the tree, so that grawp's fist scraped the trunk but closed on thin air
'very bad boy! yeh don' grab - ouch!' harry poked his head out from around the trunk and saw hagrid lying on his back, his hand over his nose
'we'll - 'er - we'll go back now, shall we?' harry and hermione nodded
'you didn't watch?' he said faintly, looking from one to the other
'he brought one back and hid it in the forest?' 'yep,' said harry grimly
'hermione, we wanted to buy that!' shouted ron
'very good indeed! well, i think that's all, potter
'excellent!' he said
'how were the runes?' said ron, yawning and stretching
'no!' cried hermione
'what happened? are you all right? are you ill?' 'where have you been?' demanded ron
this isn't a criticism, harry! but you do
that's not what i mean at all!' 'well, spit out what you've got to say, because we're wasting time here!' harry shouted
'are - are you sure you're ok, harry? you're still very pale
'you can't come down here!' ginny was calling to the crowd
'don't you? you know where he is!' there was a moment's silence, then the elf let out his loudest cackle yet
'no - harry - we'll have to tell her!' 'no way!' yelled harry, staring at the little of hermione he could see
'well, well, well!' said umbridge, looking triumphant
'little miss question-all is going to give us some answers! come on then, girl, come on!' 'er - my - nee - no!' shouted ron through his gag
'you know where dumbledore is, then?' 'well
we wanted to tell him it's r - ready!' choked hermione
' 'can we have your wand, then, if we're going first?' harry asked her
'filthy half-breeds!' she screamed, her hands still tight over her head
'i'm sorry, grawp, i don't know!' 'grawp want hagger!' one of the giants massive hands reached down
i wonder what they're doing with them?' harry joined her at the tank
'who's there?' said harry, jumping down on to the bench below
'what's wrong?' said hermione
'harry?' said hermione again
'where's sirius?' harry said
' 'i want to know where sirius is!' 'i want to know where sirius is!' mimicked the woman to his left
'very well, then - ' 'i told you, no!' lucius malfoy roared at the woman
'what?' she whispered
'so he wanted me to come and get it, did he? why?' 'why?' malfoy sounded incredulously delighted
'and he's made me come and get it for him? why couldn't he come and get it himself?' 'get it himself?' shrieked bellatrix, over a cackle of mad laughter
'where - where are the others?' gasped harry
'he can't come back, because he's d- 'he - is - not - dead!' roared harry
'was dad man - was sirius black a - a friend of yours?' harry nodded
'where's the way out?' the room seemed to have been waiting for him to ask
'potter, you cannot win against me!' she cried
'nothing there!' he shouted
in the end?' 'yes,' said dumbledore
'potter!' the voice rang across the entrance hall
tha's gotta be better, hasn' it?' harry shrugged
' 'what d'you mean?' said harry quickly
'but you did!' said harry angrily
'how come people hide your stuff?' he asked her, frowning
'd'you want help finding them?' 'oh, no,' she said, smiling at him
you heard them, just behind the veil, didn't you?' 'you mean
'are you sure you don't want me to help you look for your stuff?' he said
'well - shall we do it, then?' 'yeah, i reckon so, arthur,' said moody
my fault!" said fudge, coloring up
go back, bella!"you must listen to me!"i've listened already
he lives here?" asked bella in a voice of contempt
why?"have you discussed this matter with the dark lord?" asked snape
"won't, won't, won t, won't!"kreacher's voice had risen to a scream
not pretty, is it?" he said heavily
you mean he's ?"still here somewhere? yes
bill and i are going to be married!"oh," said harry blankly
"we've done all right, haven't we?"well done!" said mrs. weasley proudly, ruffling ron's hair
"protect her pretty neck?" "if i were on duty
"who blacked your eye, granger? i want to send them flowers
"i'm your brother!" "and that's our stuff you're nicking
"wonder where his mummy is?" said harry, frowning
"if only we could hear what they're saying!" said hermione
"perhaps you'd like to take it now?" "no, of course i wouldn't, you stupid, little man, how would i look carrying that down the street? just don't sell it
luna, hi, how are you?"very well, thank you," said luna
you ask him!"no, you!"i'll do it!"and one of them, a bold-looking girl with large dark eyes, a prominent chin, and long black hair pushed her way through the door
"not like him, though, is it? well ?that is" ?he did the hand gesture again ?"but why isn't he out there bullying first years?"dunno," said harry, but his mind was racing
"good to see you, good to see you! and you must be mr. longbottom!"neville nodded, looking scared
well, who cares what he's interested in? what is he, when you come down to it? just some stupid teacher
"ooooh!" gasped hermione, looking up at once
"we've got quidditch tryouts this morning!" said ron
"oh dear!" said hermione, looking stricken
"since when have yeh called me 'sir'?" "since when have you called me 'potter'?" "oh, very clever," growled hagrid
yes, i'll see you both later!" he bustled away out of the hall
"just a laugh, hermione, that's all!" "dangling people upside down by the ankle?" said hermi-one
"want to join us in hogsmeade, ginny?" he asked
"harry, m'boy!" said a booming voice from behind them
"it's nothing to do with you, leanne!" harry heard katie say
"stay there!" he shouted at the others over the howling wind
"do you have any proof?" "no," said harry, "but
"she wants me looked at, doesn't she? tell the truth!" he spoke the last three words with a ringing force that was almost shocking
how else will you find out his weaknesses?" "so how was slughorn's latest party?" harry asked her thickly through the gum shield
oi! dean and ginny broke apart and looked around
"no, i will not!" yelled ginny, beside herself
"pretty lucky the weathers this good, eh?" harry asked ron
"anyone! and you chose loony lovegood?" "don't call her that, ron!" snapped ginny, pausing behind harry on her way to join friends
"my dear boy!" she said in a very carrying whisper
was it p ossible?
how did it happen?" "what d'you mean?" "did she have an accident or something?" "what?"
"you think i'm right, though?" , "yeah, i do!" said ron hastily
oh, my poor heart, where has it gone? it's left me for a spell
"d'you reckon this is safe to open?" he asked
"fred and george gave them to me! aren't they beautiful?"
it couldn't be ?" "arthur!" said mrs. weasley suddenly
what d you mean, no ? "there is a new password," she said
"have you heard of this fenrir greyback?" "yes, i have!" said hermione, sounding startled
but he's older now, in 'e? he's older'n you, now i think on it
'well? hasn't he?''yes,' said harry, deciding on the spot that it was best not to lie
'well? hasn't he?' 'yes,' said harry, deciding on the spot that it was best not to lie
'how did you do?' asked ron, hurrying towards harry
'see what mum and dad got me? blimey, i think i'll come of age next year too
'she keeps snogging you, doesn't she?' ron blinked
and her eyes? her big dark eyes? and her -' 'this is really funny and everything,' said harry impatiently, 'but joke's over, all right? drop it
'what was that for?' harry bellowed
' offered you one, didn't ?' 'you just picked them up off the floor, didn't you?' 'they'd fallen off my bed, all right? let me go!' 'they didn't fall off your bed, you prat, don't you under-stand? they were mine, chucked them out of my trunk when was looking for the map
'you're lace, won-won!' she pouted
'back to normal, then?' said harry, grinning
you were in hogsmeade?" asked ginny, looking up
shhhh!" said hagrid, looking both nervous and angry
"well, then, i'll be playing keeper, won't i?" said mclaggen
"he wanted to stay here? why?" asked harry, more amazed still
hokey, where are you? i want to show mr. riddle our finest treasure
"you haven't ever chucked anyone, have you?" said ron
"euphoria, i take it? and what's that i smell? mmmm
"what are you talking about?" said hermione, laughing
but she's ditched dean! she's still rons sister
"we won! four hundred and fifty to a hundred and forty! we won!" harry looked around; there was ginny running toward him; she had a hard, blazing look in her face as she threw her arms around him
'and what did you tell her ron's got?' 'a pygmy puff, but i didn't say where
'but he healed all right, didn't he? back on his feet in no time
'he wants me to go to his office as quick as can!' they stared at each other
'what happened, professor?' 'you may well ask!' she said shrilly
' 'and then -?' 'and then i called out, "who's there?"' 'you couldn't have found out who it was without asking?' harry asked her, slightly frustrated
' 'if i tell you to leave me, and save yourself, you will do as i tell you?' 'i -' 'harry?' they looked at each other for a moment
' ? haven't got time to argue,' said harry curtly
"you don't think the horcrux is at the bottom?" "oh no
will it hold both of us? will we be too heavy together?" dumbledore chuckled
"once and for all, harry, do i have your word that you will do all in your power to make me keep drinking?" "couldn't ?" "do i have it?" "but " "your word, harry
you found a way to let them in, did you?' 'yeah,' said malfoy, who was panting
where are they now? you seem unsupported
how long has she been under the imperius curse?' 'got there at last, have you?' malfoy taunted
how long has she been under the imperius curse?' 'got there at last, have you?' malfoy taunted
"now come!" he shouted at the huge death eater behind harry
"killed?" said hagrid loudly, staring down at harry
how did he die?" whispered tonks
"how did it happen?"snape killed him," said harry
"it is really true? dumbledore - dead?"yes," said harry
' 'what if i don't care?' said ginny fiercely
'it'll make me feel better!' harry laughed
'how can hogwarts close?' 'maybe it won't,' said ron
give you my wand, lucius? my wand?"some of the throng sniggered
what is it about my presence in your home that displaces you, lucius?"nothing c nothing, my lord!"such lies lucius
my lord knows i speak nothing but the truth!"no higher pleasure
so why would i want this one? all the happy memories?"there was silence
know how to c? of course i ruddy well know how to drive!" spluttered uncle vernon
no!" he said loudly, his voice ringing through the kitchen
"where've they gone?"i don't know!"but harry was afraid: the hooded death eater had shouted, "it's the real one!"; how had he known? he gazed around at the apparently empty darkness and felt its menace
hagrid? hagrid, talk to me c "but the dark mass did not stir
how are you feeling? anything else broken? i've fixed your ribs, your tooth, and your arm
what happened to our daughter?" she asked
"small comfort!" snarled kingsley
"who else is back?"only harry, hagrid, george, and me
"did i hear someone else in the yard?" ginny asked
arthur!" sobbed mrs. weasley
so what kept you? what happened?" lupin sounded almost angry at tonks
"and your mum and dad are in on this plan?" asked harry
"you know, the one who stole the real locket?"hermione nodded
"oh, it's been nothing, nothing!" trilled mrs. weasley
well, come in, do!" said mrs. weasley brightly, and she ushered the delacours into the house, with many "no, please!"s and "after you!'s and "not at all!'s
who's gregorovitch?"i dunno, do i? you were the one saying it
what did you get him?" she added to ron, who seemed not to hear her
come on, then, open hermione's!" said ron
harry, will you come in here a moment?"it was ginny
"ron!" hermione was just behind him, slight out of breath
how's norbert doin'?"norbert?" charlie laughed
you had no right to do that!" she said, and her voice trembled slightly
thought you didn't approve of that spell?" said ron
the snitch i caught in my first ever quidditch match?" said harry
"you're kidding, right?"no, i'm not," said hermione in surprise
"do you know them then?"well, of course i do!"harry looked up, diverted
"why? what's wrong with it?"grindelvald
"oh, i'm so sorry, ron, my hand's shaking! diffindo!"the severed ropes fell away
brilliant!" said harry, clapping her on the back
we're not splitting up!" said hermione firmly
so where are these jinxes they put up against snape?" harry asked
harry, do you want your toothbrush? i've got it here
good! tell him from me he's a git!"harry don't just disappear, please, we were terrified! why did you come up here anyway?" she gazed around the ransacked room
filth! mudbloods! scum!" she screamed after them as they dashed down into the basement kitchen and slammed the door behind them
no sign of severus, then?" he asked
kreacher, no!" shouted harry
"is it valuable?"you've still got it!" cried hermione
and who are these carrows?"death eaters," said harry
gregorovitch?" said a high, cold voice
like it?" he said quietly
you simply can't go to work like this!" cried hermione
keen on his job, though, isn't he? chuck us the hair and the potion, then
what?" snapped umbridge, glancing down
who's got wands?"about half of them raised their hands
r- reg?"she looked from her husband to ron, who swore loudly
you don't mean he's at grimmauld place? he can't get in there?"her eyes sparkled with unshed tears as she nodded
what d'you mean?"ron passed the horcrux to harry
muggle-born, eh?" asked the first man
the sword of gryffindor!"oh yes
"you believe that story, then, do you, ted?" asked dirk
who else is here?" he asked, turning his head from side to side
harry!" hermione cried
oh, remembered me, have you?" he said
"spit it out, will you?"ron swung his long legs off the bed and sat up
what?" he said, half angry, half relieved
harry, i think it's christmas eve!" said hermione
they'll be in there, won't they? your mum and dad? i can see the graveyard behind it
are you sure?"i saw something move
'"come!" called bathilda from the next room
"this man? do you know him? what's he called?"bathilda merely looked vague
harry, what area you doing?" asked hermione
you are potter?" she whispered
he's coming! hermione, he's coming!"as he yelled the snake fell, hissing wildly
not harry! not harry! please c i'll do anything
"harry, it's okay, wake up, wake up!"he was harry
we got that wrong, didn't we?"what happened, harry? what happened when she took you upstairs? was the snake hiding somewhere? did it just come out and kill her and attack you?"no." he said
harry, no, i'm sure you ought to rest!"you're the one who needs sleep
oh, i don't know!" yelled hermione with awful sarcasm
"what did you say to them?"told them i was stan shunpike
but it must have been a patronus!" she said
i want to go and talk to him!"er c why?"she took a deep breath, as though bracing herself, and said, "it's that mark, the mark in beedle the bard
aha!" shouted ron, as the wind whipped their hair and clothes
would it be okay if we came in?" asked harry
where's luna?" asked hermione
but what are the deathly hallows?" asked hermione
sorry, i just think it's a bit spookier if it's midnight!" said ron
what about that stone, mr. lovegood? the thing you call the resurrection stone?"what of it?"well, how can that be real?"prove that is not," said xenophilius
you didn't believe it either?" harry asked him
where is she? and why do you keep looking out of the window?"xenophilius dropped the tray
"harry!" hermione screamed
could try clearing it? might bring the place down
"it was a stone, wasn't it?" he looked at ron for support
"i didn't really believe it!"harry took no notice
"he's abroad! he's still looking for the wand, i knew it!"harry c "come on, hermione, why are you so determined not to admit it? vol c "harry, no!" c demort's after the elder wand!"the name's taboo!" ron bellowed, leaping to his feet as a loud crack sounded outside the tent
search the tent!" said another voice
what's your blood status?"half-blood
you checked their names on the list yet, scabior?" he roared
you know what, little girly? this picture looks a hell of a lot like you
"i thought you wore glasses, potter?" breathed greyback
who are you?"you know me!" there was resentment in the werewolf's voice
i know 'es swollen, ma'am, but it's 'im!" piped up scabior
i'm going to ask you again! where did you get this sword? where?"we found it c we found it c please!" hermione screamed again; ron struggled harder than ever, and the rusty nail slipped onto harry's wrist
"did that dirty little goblin in the cellar help you?"we only met him tonight!" hermione sobbed
"oh, a likely story!"but we can find out easily!" came lucius's voice
and you can take humans with you?"dobby nodded again
what is it, wormtail?" called lucius malfoy from above
kill me, then!" demanded the old man
"d'ya mind if i stay here a moment?" he asked the others
"how are your legs?"painful," replied the goblin
"we protest! and i'm hunted quite as much as any goblin or elf, griphook! i'm a mudblood!"don't call yourself c " ron muttered
a weak "come in!" answered them
he was torturing me!" he gasped
i am not a thief, boy! i am not trying to procure treasures to which i have no right!"the sword's ours c"it is not," said the goblin
could you give us a few minutes?"the goblin nodded, looking sour
it is i, remus john lupin!" called a voice over the howling wind
who is your friend? i do not recognize him
harry heard griphook shout, "no!" but there was no braking
"griphook, how much farther?"not far, harry potter, not far
"search, fast!" said harry as they all hurried inside the vault
then what do we do?" said harry, glaring at the goblin
harry c harry c what are you doing?" cried hermione
i say we jump when it gets low enough!" harry called back to the others
"impostors? what impostors? i thought gringotts had ways of revealing impostors? who were they?"it was
"what?"ron was gaping at him; hermione sat up, looking worried
"what were you thinking, coming here?"thank you," said harry
you saved our lives!"the barman grunted
"i've got a job c "give it to someone else!"i can't
"is that your sister? ariana?"yes
did he now?" said aberforth
ha!"aberforth spat into the fire
"i don't say i like it, but it's the truth!"no, it isn't
"just send them down the passage when they get here, will you? thanks a lot
where are we?"room of requirement, of course!" said neville
"you didn't break into gringotts?"they did!" said neville
what are we going to do, then, harry?" asked seamus
we got your message, neville! hello you three, i thought you must be here!"it was luna and dean
what do you think, harry?" said luna, looking thoughtful
what've they done, the little whelps?" he screamed
"potter, that was foolish!"he spat at you," said harry
"so c 'ow eez leetle teddy?"lupin blinked at her, startled
ginny!" barked mrs. weasley
where are ron and hermione?"haven't you found -?" began mr. weasley, looking worried
harry! my dear boy!"nick made to grasp harry's hands with both of his own; harry felt as though they had been thrust into icy water
"what tree? where was this?"a forest in albania
blimey, harry," panted hagrid, "this is it, eh? time ter fight?"hagrid, where have you come from?"heard you-know-who from up in our cave," said hagrid grimly
"you need to speak parseltongue!"he did!" whispered hermione
have you seen my grandson?"he's fighting," said harry
"oi! there's a war going on here!"ron and hermione broke apart, their arms still around each other
so how did you get in here?" he asked, trying to distract them
"if you wreck the room you might bury this diadem thing!"what's that matter?" said crabbe, tugging himself free
"who cares what you think? i don't take your orders no more, draco
"look for it while i go and help r c "harry!" she screamed
"no! fred! no!" and percy was shaking his brother, and ron was kneeling beside them, and fred's eyes stared without seeing, the ghost of his last laugh still etched upon his face
"harry, in here!" hermione screamed
harry, come on!" screamed hermione
"perfect!" panted hermione
the cloak!" she whispered
"but i have done magic outside school!"we're all right
"this is it! we're off to hogwarts!"she nodded, mopping her eyes, but in spite of herself, she half smiled
don't kill me!"that was not my intention
what c what do you mean?"you know how and why she died
headmaster! they are camping in the forest of dean! the mudblood c "do not use that word!" c the granger girl, then, mentioned the place as she opened her bag and i heard her!"good
"that is the question, isn't it? on the whole, dear boy, i think not
has it gone?"oh yes!" said dumbledore
"can you forgive me for not trusting you? for not telling you? harry, i only feared that you would fail as i had failed
trapped and wasted, i thought! and then of course, he came
is he dead?"there was a complete silence in the clearing
harry!" hagrid shouted
"when mummy's gone the same way as freddie?"you c will c never c touch c our c children c again!" screamed mrs. weasley
don't you get it? i was ready to die to stop you from hurting these people c "but you did not!" c i meant to, and that's what did it
"i stole the wand from its last master's tomb! i removed it against the last master's wishes! its power is mine!"you still don't get it, riddle, do you? possessing the wand isn't enough! holding it, using it, doesn't make it really yours
"ron!"lily and hugo laughed, but albus and rose looked solemn
mum! i can't give a professor love!"but you know neville c"james rolled his eyes
