he couldn't kill a little boy? it's just astounding
he does tend to  what was that?" a low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them
"i don't want him t-t-to come!" dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs
"where do you come from, anyway?" harry asked
"what's this?" he asked aunt petunia
"what are you doing, checking for letter bombs?" he chuckled at his own joke
"dad!" said dudley suddenly
"vernon! oh my goodness  vernon!" they stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that harry and dudley were still in the room
"but what should we do, vernon? should we write back? tell them we don't want " harry could see uncle vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the kitchen
"silence!" yelled uncle vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling
"could do with some of those letters now, eh?" he said cheerfully
"where's the cannon?" he said stupidly
"couldn't make us a cup o' tea, could yeh? it's not been an easy journey
"what about that tea then, eh?" he said, rubbing his hands together
"all what?" hagrid thundered
"do you mean ter tell me," he growled at the dursleys, "that this boy  this boy!  knows nothin' abou'  about anything?" harry thought this was going a bit far
"yeh don' know what yeh are?" he said finally
with a mum an' dad like yours, what else would yeh be? an' i reckon it's abou' time yeh read yer letter
"a what?" said harry, interested
"you knew i'm a  a wizard?" "knew!" shrieked aunt petunia suddenly
as soon as he found his voice he said, "blown up? you told me they died in a car crash!" "car crash!" roared hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the dursleys scuttled back to their corner
"why not?" "gulpin' gargoyles, harry, people are still scared
"could you write it down?" harry suggested
"what?" "he wants payin' fer deliverin' the paper
"goblins?" "yeah  so yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, i'll tell yeh that
"how did you get here?" harry asked, looking around for another boat
"why?" "why? blimey, harry, everyone'd be wantin' magic solutions to their problems
"how often do you check to see if anyone's inside?" harry asked
know what house you'll be in yet?" "no," said harry, feeling more stupid by the minute
"but they were our kind, weren't they?" "they were a witch and wizard, if that's what you mean
anyway, what does he know about it, some o' the best i ever saw were the only ones with magic in 'em in a long line ' muggles  look at yer mum! look what she had fer a sister!" "so what is quidditch?" "it's our sport
oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?" "it was, sir, yes," said hagrid
"but you don't use them?" said mr. ollivander sharply
"why are you going to london?" harry asked, trying to keep things friendly
"how come percy gets new robes, anyway?" said one of the twins
"hurry up!" their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the train
"nothing?" said ron eagerly
"what are they like?" "horrible -well, not all of them
"they're not really frogs, are they?" he was starting to feel that nothing would surprise him
"don't tell me you'd never heard of dumbledore!" said ron
"he's gone!" "well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," said ron
"has anyone seen a toad? neville's lost one," she said
"what!" ron looked dumbfounded
"but we don't feet like leaving, do we, boys? we've eaten all our food and you still seem to have some
you haven't been fighting, have you? you'll be in trouble before we even get there!" "scabbers has been fighting, not us," said ron, scowling at her
"and you've got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you know?" ron glared at her as she left
then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the students, and harry heard a familiar voice: "firs' years! firs' years over here! all right there, harry?" hagrid's big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads
"c'mon, follow me  any more firs' years? mind yer step, now! firs' years follow me!" slipping and stumbling, they followed hagrid down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path
"everyone in?" shouted hagrid, who had a boat to himself
"everyone here? you there, still got yer toad?" hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door
"how exactly do they sort us into houses?" he asked ron
"hope to see you in hufflepuff!" said the friar
"so we've just got to try on the hat!" ron whispered to harry
a moments pause  "hufflepuff!" shouted the hat
"bones, susan!" "hufflepuff!" shouted the hat again, and susan scuttled off to sit next to hannah
"gryffindor!" shouted the hat
"potter, did she say?" the harry potter?" the last thing harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at him
"not slytherin, eh?" said the small voice
"are you sure? you could be great, you know, it's all here in your head, and slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that  no? well, if you're sure  better be gryffindor!" harry heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall
"welcome to a new year at hogwarts! before we begin our banquet, i would like to say a few words
"is he  a bit mad?" he asked percy uncertainly
"mad?" said percy airily
potatoes, harry?" harry's mouth fell open
"i know who you are!" said ron suddenly
"what about you, neville?" said ron
"and now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" cried dumbledore
"oooooooh!" he said, with an evil cackle
"go away, peeves, or the baron'll hear about this, i mean it!" barked percy
"what have we got today?" harry asked ron as he poured sugar on his porridge
"potter!" said snape suddenly
well? why aren't you all copying that down?" there was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment
"it's a remembrall!" he explained
"did you see his face, the great lump?" the other slytherins joined in
"i'm his second, who's yours?" malfoy looked at crabbe and goyle, sizing them up
"you!" said ron furiously
"the floor?" harry suggested
what did you say you've got at home, malfoy, a comet two sixty?" ron grinned at harry
"not arguing, i hope, boys?" he squeaked
"hey, potter, come down!' oliver wood had arrived
"so?" said ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable
"percy!" hissed ron, pulling harry behind a large stone griffin
"what's he doing?" harry whispered
"why isn't he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?" "search me
"hermione!" they said together
"is it  dead?" i don't think so," said harry, i think it's just been knocked out
"miss granger!" hermione had managed to get to her feet at last
"what's that you've got there, potter?" it was quidditch through the ages
"you know what this means?" he finished breathlessly
"red card!" said dean furiously
"hi, hagrid, want any help?" ron asked, sticking his head through the branches
"would you mind moving out of the way?" came malfoys cold drawl from behind them
"how many days you got left until yer holidays?" hagrid asked
"the library?" said hagrid, following them out of the hall
"just before the holidays? bit keen, aren't yeh?" "oh, we're not working," harry told him brightly
"unless you'd like to tell us and save us the trouble?" harry added
"don't send me there, can't you see his knight? send him, we can afford to lose him
"what is it?" harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor
"there's a note!" said ron suddenly
"a note fell out of it!" harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter
"merry christmas!" "hey, look  harry's got a weasley sweater, too!" fred and george were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow f on it, the other a g
"why aren't you wearing yours, ron?" george demanded
"p for prefect! get it on, percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even harry got one
"see?" harry whispered
except  "so  back again, harry?" harry felt as though his insides had turned to ice
"what's the matter with you? you look terrible
"you've got to stand up to him, neville!" said ron
"oh, honestly, don't you two read? look  read that, there
"see?" said hermione, when harry and ron had finished
"the whole school's out there!" said fred weasley, peering out of the door
"dumbledore?" he said, dashing to the door to make sure
"wonder how long potter's going to stay on his broom this time? anyone want a bet? what about you, weasley?" ron didn't answer; snape had just awarded hufflepuff a penalty because george weasley had hit a bludger at him
"harry, where have you been?" hermione squeaked
"what am i studying for? are you crazy? you realize we need to pass these exams to get into the second year? they're very important, i should have started studying a month ago, i don't know what's gotten into me
"what was he hiding behind his back?" said hermione thoughtfully
hagrid called "who is it?" before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them
"and you wouldn't tell anyone, would you? not even one of the teachers?" "not a soul knows except me an' dumbledore," said hagrid proudly
"hagrid  what's that?" but he already knew what it was
"midnight on saturday!" he said in a hoarse voice
"aargh! it's all right, he only got my boot  jus' playin'  he's only a baby, after all
"detention!" she shouted
harry potter's coming  he's got a dragon!" "what utter rubbish! how dare you tell such lies! come on  i shall see professor snape about you, malfoy!" the steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that
"malfoy's got detention! i could sing!" "don't," harry advised her
"harry!" neville burst out, the moment he saw the other two
"resign?" wood thundered
"that's your problem, isn't it?" said filch, his voice cracking with glee
"bin lecturin' them, eh? 'snot your place ter do that
"copyin' lines! what good's that ter anyone? yeh'll do summat useful or yeh'll get out
"look there," said hagrid, "see that stuff shinin' on the ground? silvery stuff? that's unicorn blood
"you all right, hermione?" hagrid whispered
"students, are you? and do you learn much, up at the school?" "erm " "a bit," said hermione timidly
"you don't think they've been hurt, do you?" whispered hermione
"for the best! what is that to do with us? centaurs are concerned with what has been foretold! it is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!" firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on
"but who'd be that desperate?" he wondered aloud
"do you mean," harry croaked, "that was vol-" "harry! harry, are you all right?" hermione was running toward them down the path, hagrid puffing along behind her
"i wish i knew what this means!" he burst out angrily
"where're you going?" said ron sleepily
"finished yer exams? got time fer a drink?" "yes, please," said ron, but harry cut him off
mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightn' he? i never saw his face, he kept his hood up
"what did you talk to him about, hagrid? did you mention hogwarts at all?" "mighta come up," said hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember
"he's gone?" said harry frantically
"why me?" "it's obvious," said ron
"after what mcgonagall and snape have said? you'll be expelled!" "so whap" harry shouted
"don't you understand? if snape gets hold of the stone, voldemort's coming back! haven't you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? there won't be any hogwarts to get expelled from! he'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the dark arts! losing points doesn't matter anymore, can't you see? d'you think he'll leave you and your families alone if gryffindor wins the house cup? if i get caught before i can get to the stone, well, i'll have to go back to the dursleys and wait for voldemort to find me there, it's only dying a bit later than i would have, because i'm never going over to the dark side! i'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say is going to stop me! voldemort killed my parents, remember?" he glared at them
i don't think you should be breaking any more rules! and you were the one who told me to stand up to people!" "yes, but not to us," said ron in exasperation
"go on then, try and hit me!" said neville, raising his fists
"what've you done to him?" harry whispered
"who's there?" he said suddenly as they climbed toward him
and he scooted off "brilliant, harry!" whispered ron
"what's that at its feet?" hermione whispered
"what can you see?" hermione said anxiously
"it's okay!" he called up to the light the size of a postage stamp, which was the open trapdoor, "it's a soft landing, you can jump!" ron followed right away
"stop moving!" hermione ordered them
"shut up, i'm trying to remember how to kill it!" said hermione
what did professor sprout say?  it likes the dark and the damp "so light a fire!" harry choked
"yes  of course  but there's no wood!" hermione cried, wringing her hands
"have you gone mad?" ron bellowed
"can you hear something?" ron whispered
"ready?" harry asked the other two, his hand on the door handle
"now what do we do?" harry whispered
"it's obvious, isn't it?" said ron
"how?" said hermione nervously
what if they lost? "harry  move diagonally four squares to the right
"you've got to make some sacrifices! i take one step forward and she'll take me  that leaves you free to checkmate the king, harry!" "but " "do you want to stop snape or not?" "ron " "look, if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the stone!" there was no alternative
"what if he's ?" "he'll be all right," said harry, trying to convince himself
"all right?" harry whispered
"books! and cleverness! there are more important things  friendship and bravery and  oh harry  be careful!" "you drink first," said harry
"you let the troll in?" "certainly
he was at hogwarts with your father, didn't you know? they loathed each other
"never!" harry sprang toward the flame door, but voldemort screamed "seize him!" and the next second, harry felt quirrell's hand close on his wrist
"then kill him, fool, and be done!" screeched voldemort
well, voldemort's going to try other ways of coming back, isn't he? i mean, he hasn't gone, has he?" "no, harry, he has not
"so the stone's gone?" said ron finally
"an' don' say the name!" "voldemort!" harry bellowed, and hagrid was so shocked, he stopped crying
what a year it has been! hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were
"you must be harry's family!" said mrs. weasley
"if you can't control that owl, it'll have to go!" harry tried, yet again, to explain
"and, dudley, you'll say -" "may i take you through to the dining room, mrs. mason?" said dudley, offering his fat arm to an invisible woman
"how come you haven't got any cards? haven't you even got friends at that freak place?" "better not let your mum hear you talking about my school," said harry coolly
"why're you staring at the hedge?" he said suspiciously
"eat quickly! the masons will be here soon!" snapped aunt petunia, pointing to two slices of bread and a lump of cheese on the kitchen table
"do they know you're here?" asked harry curiously
"w-what?" harry stammered
but why are you warning me?" a sudden, unpleasant thought struck him
"he hasn't got a brother, has he?" dobby shook his head, his eyes wider than ever
" "friends who don't even write to harry potter?" said dobby slyly
"how do you know my friends haven't been writing to me?" dobby shuffled his feet
ah, sir, this is a danger you must not face! say you won't go back, sir!" "no," said harry angrily
supposing he was still alive in another four weeks, what would happen if he didn't turn up at hogwarts? would someone be sent to see why he hadn't come back? would they be able to make the dursleys let him go? the room was growing dark
"ron, how did you - what the -?" harry's mouth fell open as the full impact of what he was seeing hit him
i thought it was errol's fault at first -" "who's errol?" "our owl
"so, does your dad know you've got the car?" said harry, guessing the answer
"have you any idea how worried i've been?" said mrs. weasley in a deadly whisper
"beds empty! no note! cargone - could have crashed - out of my mind with worry - did you care? - never, as long as i've lived - you wait until your father gets home, we never had trouble like this from bill or charlie or percy -" "perfect percy," muttered fred
"you keep your mouth closed while you're eating!" mrs. weasley snapped
"find anything, dad?" said fred eagerly
"c-cars, molly, dear?" "yes, arthur, cars," said mrs. weasley, her eyes flashing
"what have you got to say about that, eh?" "did you really?" said mr. weasley eagerly
"'i'm very busy with schoolwork, of course'- how can she be?" said ron in horror
"w-what am i supposed to do?" he stammered
"selling?" the smile faded slightly from mr. borgin's face
"insert a candle and it gives light only to the holder! best friend of thieves and plunderers! your son has fine taste, sir
"molly's frantic - she's coming now -" "where did you come out?" ron asked
"we can actually meet him!" hermione squealed
"potter, you've got yourself a girlfriend!" drawled malfoy
"now what?" said harry, blinking at the solid mass of cloud pressing in on them from all sides
"are you okay?" harry said urgently
"come back!" ron yelled after it, brandishing his broken wand
"maybe he's ill!" said ron hopefully
"why didn't you send us a letter by owl? i believe you have an owl?" professor mcgonagall said coldly to harry
"well, you're expelling us, aren't you?" said ron
"can you believe our luck, though?" said ron thickly through a mouthful of chicken and ham
"password?" she said as they approached
"enrol!" said ron, pulling the bedraggled owl out by the feet
"gave you a taste for publicity, didn't i?" said lockhart
in fact, id say i was even more of a nobody! i mean, a few people have heard of you, haven't they? all that business with he-\"o-must-not-be-named!" he glanced at the lightning scar on harry's forehead
and it'd be really good if i had one of you" - he looked imploringly at harry - "maybe your friend could take it and i could stand next to you? and then, could you sign it?" "signed photos? you're giving out signed photos, potter?" loud and scathing, draco malfoy's voice echoed around the courtyard
"everyone line up!" malfoy roared to the crowd
"let's see what you make of them!" and he opened the cage
"hands on? "said harry, who was trying to grab a pixie dancing out of reach with its tongue out
"i heard someone saying your name on the stairs, harry! look what i've got here! i've had it developed, i wanted to show you -" **
"will you sign it?" said colin eagerly
"you were the youngest house player in a hundred years, weren't you, harry? weren't you?" said colin, trotting alongside him
"is that clear? any questions?" "i've got a question, oliver," said george, who had woken with a start
"what's going on?" said wood, frowning, as he skimmed through the air toward them
"but i booked the field!" said wood, positively spitting with rage
' "you've got a new seeker?" said wood, distracted
"aren't you lucius malfoy's son?" said fred, looking at malfoy with dislike
** "what's happening?" ron asked harry
"why aren't you playing? and what's he doing here?" he was looking at malfoy, taking in his slytherin quidditch robes
"we'd better get him to hagrid's, it's nearest," said harry to hermione, who nodded bravely, and the pair of them pulled ron up by the arms. "what happened, harry? what happened? is he ill? but you can cure him, can't you?" colin had run down from his seat and was now dancing alongside them as they left the field
"what did lockhart want with you, hagrid?" harry asked, scratching fang's ears
treacle fudge, ron?" he added as ron reappeared
"ah, here's the scalawag!" he said
"six solid months at the top of the best- seller list! broke all records!" "no," said harry frantically
"what voice?" "that - that voice that said - didn't you hear it?" lockhart was looking at harry in high astonishment
"peeves!" filch roared, flinging down his quill in a transport of rage
more curly silver writing on the front page said: feel out of step in the world of modern magic? find yourself making excuses not to perform simple spells? ever been taunted for your woeful wandwork? there is an answer! kwikspell is an all-new, fail-safe, quick-result, easy-learn course
"have you - did you read -?" he sputtered
thanks, nick!" they set off up the corridor together
"harry - would i be asking too much - but no, you wouldn't want -" "what is it?" said harry
"is that supposed to be music?" ron whispered
"how are you, myrtle?" said hermione in a falsely bright voice
"d'you think i don't know what people call me behind my back? fat myrtle! ugly myrtle! miserable, moaning, moping myrtle!" "you've forgotten pimply," peeves hissed in her ear
"enjoying yourselves?" "oh, yes," they lied
"harry, what're you -?" "it's that voice again - shut up a minute -" "
"look!" something was shining on the wall ahead
"not dead?" choked filch, looking through his fingers at mrs. norris
"but why's she all - all stiff and frozen?" "she has been petrified," said dumbledore ("ah! i thought so!" said lockhart)
"my cat has been petrified!" he shrieked, his eyes popping
what was that writing on the wall about? the cbamber has been opened
"miss - er -?" "granger, professor
"it is a myth! it does not exist! there is not a shred of evidence that slytherin ever built so much as a secret broom cupboard! i regret telling you such a foolish story! we will return, if you please, to history, to solid, believable, verifiable fact!" and within five minutes, the class had sunk back into its usual torpor
"what's a boy in his class saying about you?" hermione wondered
"d'you really think there's a chamber of secrets?" ron asked hermione
feeling they had better get off the subject, harry said, "remember all that water on the floor? where did that come from? someone's mopped it up
when she reached it she said, "hello, myrtle, how are you?" harry and ron went to look
"what are you whispering?" said myrtle, staring at him
"and i hope it teaches you a lesson! no more detective work, or i'll write to mum!" and he strode off, the back of his neck as red as ron's ears
"who do we know who thinks muggle-borns are scum?" he looked at hermione
"what's that?" said ron and harry together
what're we going to do, break into snape's private stores? i don't know if this is a good idea
but not toenails, okay?" "how long will it take to make, anyway?" said harry as hermione, looking happier, opened the book again
"get off!" he said loudly, and then, "dobby!" the house-elf's goggling tennis ball eyes were peering at harry through the darkness
ah sir, why didn't you heed dobby? why didn't harry potter go back home when he missed the train?" harry heaved himself up on his pillows and pushed dobby's sponge away
"this, sir?" said dobby, plucking at the pillowcase
"dobby wants to save harry potter's life! better sent home, grievously injured, than remain here sir! dobby only wanted harry potter hurt enough to be sent home!" "oh, is that all?" said harry angrily
"so there is a chamber of secrets?" harry whispered
"and did you say it's been opened before? tell me, dobby!" he seized the elf's bony wrist as dobby's hand inched toward the water jug
"who's opened it? who opened it last time?" "dobby can't, sir, dobby can't, dobby mustn't tell!" squealed the elf
"go home, harry potter, go home!" "i'm not going anywhere!" said harry fiercely
"so noble! so valiant! but he must save himself, he must, harry potter must not -" dobby suddenly froze, his bat ears quivering
"dobby must go!" breathed the elf, terrified
gryffindor has just taken the lead for the house cup you earned fifty points!" "you haven't seen ron or hermione, have you?" said harry
"the chamber of secrets has been opened before?" hermione said
"you know what, harry? if he doesn't stop trying to save your life he's going to kill you
"do you think he's all right?" she squealed through her fingers
"who cares?" said harry and ron together
"well, there you have it!" he said, tottering back onto the platform
"i spoke a different language? but - i didn't realize - how can i speak a language without knowing i can speak it?" ron shook his head
"what do you want with him?" said ernie in a quavering voice
"it didn't even touch him!" "it was a very near miss," said ernie
he flipped the right way up, filled his lungs and, before harry could stop him, screamed, "attack! attack! another attack! no mortal or ghost is safe! run for your lives! attaaaack!" crash - crash - crash - door after door flew open along the corridor and people flooded out
"but what about you? whose hair are you ripping out?" "i've already got mine!" said hermione brightly, pulling a tiny bottle out of her pocket and showing them the single hair inside it
"did you get them?" hermione asked breathlessly
"our common room? i'm a ravenclaw
"ha!" said ron excitedly
"there's one of them now!" the figure was emerging from a side room
"you know i haven't, goyle, how many times do i have to tell you?" snapped malfoy
"what's up?" said ron uncertainly
"dangerous?"said harry, laughing
"how on earth d'you know that?" said harry in amazement
"it might be invisible ink!" she whispered
"stay still!" grunted the dwarf, grabbing hold of harry's bag and pulling him back
** "what's going on here?" came the cold, drawling voice of draco malfoy
"you wanted to see me, professor dippet?" said riddle
"you are muggle-born?" "half-blood, sir," said riddle
"and are both your parents -?" "my mother died just after i was born, sir
"how many monsters d'you think this place can hold?" ron asked dully
"what happened, harry?" "no idea," said harry
"i just heard it again - didn't you?" ron shook his head, wide-eyed
"harry - i think i've just understood something! i've got to go to the library!" and she sprinted away, up the stairs
"but, professor!" he shouted
"did you hear about hermione?" "oh, i heard, all righ'," said hagrid, a slight break in his voice
"take me where?" "for a short stretch only," said fudge, not meeting hagrid's eyes
"what're you doin' here?" said hagrid furiously
"take him away, an' the muggle-borns won' stand a chance! there'll be killin' next!" "calm yourself, hagrid," said dumbledore sharply
"hear me?" said ron in an unnaturally high voice
"d'you think it's gone?" harry whispered
"harry!" ron shouted, his voice breaking with relief "harry, it's our car!" "what?" "come on!" harry blundered after ron toward the light, stumbling and tripping, and a moment later they had emerged into a clearing
"it's been here all the time!" said ron delightedly, walking around the car
"and we thought it was going to attack us!" said ron, leaning against the car and patting it
"aragog!" it called
"what is it?" he said, clicking his pincers rapidly
"what is it?" said harry urgently
"we do not speak of it!" said aragog fiercely
"go?" said aragog slowly
"it won't matter that we never asked myrtle, then!" he said to harry
"percy!" said ron angrily
"how do you know?" said ron, his eyebrows raised
"and mrs. norris?" he whispered eagerly
"the entrance to the chamber of secrets!" he said hoarsely
"what if it's a bathroom? what if it's in -" `= moaning myrtle's bathroom, "said harry
"are you going somewhere?" said harry
"you can't go now! not with all the dark stuff going on here!" "well - i must say - when i took the job -" lockhart muttered, now piling socks on top of his robes
"where exactly did you see the eyes?" said harry
"lumos!" harry muttered to his wand and it lit again
"what now?" ron's voice said, sounding desperate
"are you a ghost?" harry said uncertainly
" haven't you guessed yet, harry potter?" said riddle softly
"why do you care how i escaped?" said harry slowly
"he's not as gone as you might think!" harry retorted
he laughed so hard that the dark chamber rang with it, as though ten riddles were laughing at once "this is what dumbledore sends his defender! a songbird and an old hat! do you feel brave, harry potter? do you feel safe now?" harry didn't answer
harry wanted to shout, "don't leave me!" but what chance did a phoenix have against the king of serpents? something huge hit the stone floor of the chamber
"ginny!" ron thrust an arm through the gap in the rock to pull her through first
"odd sort of place, this, isn't it? do you live here?" "no," said ron, raising his eyebrows at harry
"harry! i think myrtle's grown fond of you! you've got competition, ginny!" but tears were still flooding silently down ginny's face
"where now?" said ron, with an anxious look at ginny
"ginny!" it was mrs. weasley, who had been sitting crying in front of the fire
what if they expelled her? harry thought in panic
"youknow-who? en-enchant ginny? but ginny's not
"what's our ginny got to do with - with  him?" "his d-diaryl" ginny sobbed
"so hermione's okay!" said ron brightly
"why so modest, gilderoy?" harry gave a start
"impaled upon your own sword, gilderoy!" "sword?" said lockhart dimly
"and what do you think, harry?" "i don't think i'm like him!" said harry, more loudly than he'd intended
dear me, we do seem to run through them, don't we?" harry got up and crossed to the door
"you've lost me my servant, boy!" but dobby shouted, "you shall not harm harry potter!" there was a loud bang, and mr. malfoy was thrown backward
you won't tease him, will you?" she added anxiously
"who is this?" he roared in the direction of the mouthpiece
"who are you?" "ron  weasley!" ron bellowed back, as though he and uncle vernon were speaking from opposite ends of a football field
"i don't know what school youre talking about! never contact me again! don't you come near my family!" and he threw the receiver back onto the telephone as if dropping a poisonous spider
"ouch!" the book snapped shut on his hand and then flapped past him, still scuttling on its covers
dear harry, happy birthday! think you might find this useful for next year
"sh  she's not coming here, is she?" aunt marge was uncle vernon's sister
you behave yourself, got me?" "i will if she does," said harry through gritted teeth
"so?" snapped uncle vernon, taking his car keys from a hook next to the door
i'll have to make it sound convincing, won't i? what if i accidentally let something slip?" "you'll get the stuffing knocked out of you, won't you?" roared uncle vernon, advancing on harry with his fist raised
"get the door!" aunt petunia hissed at harry
"who's looking after the other dogs, marge?" uncle vernon asked
"do they use the cane at st. brutus's, boy?" she barked across the table
have you been beaten often?" "oh, yeah," said harry, "loads of times
proud of your parents, are you? they go and get themselves killed in a car crash (drunk, i expect) " 'they didn't die in a car crash!" said harry, who found himself on his feet
"'choo fall over for?" sniggered stan
"woss that on your 'ead?" said stan abruptly
"woss your name?" stan persisted
'ere," he said, looking suspicious again, ,you did flag us down, dincha? stuck out your wand 'and, dincha?" "yes," said harry quickly
"that man!" harry said, forgetting his troubles for a moment
"he was on the muggle news!" stanley turned to the front page and chuckled
"scary-lookin' fing, inee?" said stan, who had been watching harry read
"'bye then!" but stan wasn't paying attention
"i knew it!" stan shouted gleefully
"you've got him, minister!" said tom
"'bye, neville!" called stan
"ah, you're worrying about the reaction of your aunt and uncle?" said fudge
"what about my punishment?" fudge blinked
"hogwarts?" he said abruptly
"finally!" said ron, grinning at harry as he sat down
"your dad doesn't know why fudge let me off, does he?" "probably 'cause it's you, isn't it?" shrugged ron, still chuckling
we're staying at the leaky cauldron tonight too! so you can come to king's cross with us tomorrow! hermione's there as well!" hermione nodded, beaming
"you're muggle- born! your mum and dad are muggles! you already know all about muggles!" "but it'll be fascinating to study them from the wizarding point of view," said hermione earnestly
"how about a nice book? said ron innocently
"what was that?" "it was either a very big cat or quite a small tiger," said harry
"he's gorgeous, isn't he?" said hermione, glowing
"and what about scabbers?" said ron, pointing at the lump in his chest pocket
"mum!" said fred as though he'd only just spotted her and seizing her hand too
"second head boy in the family!" she said, swelling with pride
"what do we want to be prefects for?" said george, looking revolted at the very idea. "it'd take all the fun out of life
"do you really want to send harry back to school with that hanging over him? for heaven's sake, he's happy not knowing!" "i don't want to make him miserable, i want to put him on his guard!" retorted mr. weasley
"he looks like on, good hex would finish him off, doesn't he? anyway
"what's that noise?" said ron suddenly
"do you know much about hogsmeade?" asked hermione keenly
"harry? is that you? what's happening?" "no idea  sit down " there was a loud hissing and a yelp of pain; neville had tried to sit on crookshanks
"are you okay?" ron asked nervously
what happened?" said harry, wiping more sweat off his face
"but didn't any of you  fall off your seats?" said harry awkwardly
"firs' years this way!" called a familiar voice
"did the scary old dementor frighten you too, weasley?" "is there a problem?" said a mild voice
"did he, now?" said madam pomfrey approvingly
"what was all that about?" he muttered to harry
he clanked to his feet and shouted, "come follow me, dear friends, and we shall find our goal, or else shall perish bravely in the charge!" he gave the sword another fruitless tug, tried and failed to mount the fat pony, gave up, and cried, "on foot then, good sirs and gentle lady! on! on!" and he ran, clanking loudly, into the left side of the frame and out of sight
"what can you see in mine?" "a load of soggy brown stuff," said harry
what's that?" he scanned his copy of unfogging the future
"what is it, professor?" said dean thomas at once
tell me, which of you will be dying this year?" everyone stared at her
"you don't know what you're talking about!" said ron, starting to get angry
"there was nothing woolly about the grim in that cup!" said ron hotly
"professor trelawney said you didn't have the right aura! you just don't like being bad at something for a change!" he had touched a nerve
"c'mon, now, get a move on!" he called as the class approached
"got a real treat for yeh today! great lesson comin' up! everyone here? right, follow me!" for one nasty moment, harry thought that hagrid was going to lead them into the forest; harry had had enough unpleasant experiences in there to last him a lifetime
"everyone gather 'round the fence here!" he called
"how do we open our books?" malfoy repeated
"we should have stroked them! why didn't we guess!" "i  i thought they were funny," hagrid said uncertainly to hermione
"right  who wants ter go first?" most of the class backed farther away in answer
"well done, harry!" said hagrid, ecstatic
"i'm dying!" malfoy yelled as the class panicked
"they should fire him straight away!" said pansy parkinson, who was in tears
"you think he'll be all right?" said hermione nervously
"you haven't been fired, hagrid!" gasped hermione
"come on!" hagrid said angrily
"does it hurt much?" "yeah," said malfoy, putting on a brave sort of grimace
tell me, boy, does anything penetrate that thick skull of yours? didn't you hear me say, quite clearly, that only one -tat spleen was needed? didn't i state plainly that a dash of leech juice would suffice? what do i have to do to make you understand, longbottom?" neville was pink and trembling
"five points from gryffindor because the potion was all right! why didn't you lie, hermione? you should've said neville did it all by himself!" hermione didn't answer
"cool, sit!" said dean thomas in amazement
"so, the first question we must ask ourselves is, what is a boggart?" hermione put up her hand
crack! "forward, neville, and finish him off!" said lupin as the boggart landed on the floor as a cockroach
why? was it because he'd seen harry collapse on the train, and thought he wasn't up to much? had he thought harry would pass out again? but no one else seemed to have noticed anything
"and snape in that hat!" "and my mummy!" i wonder why professor lupin's frightened of crystal balls?" said lavender thoughtfully
"a piece of homework that only got nine out of ten?
"clever crookshanks, did you catch that all by yourself?" said hermione
"what are you doing?" filch snarled suspiciously
"where are ron and hermione?" "hogsmeade," said harry, in a would-be casual voice
"you know that day we fought the boggart?" "yes," said lupin slowly
"why didn't you let me fight it?" said harry abruptly
"why isn't anyone going in?" said ron curiously
"what's going on?" said ginny, who had just arrived
"did she say who did it?" said dumbledore quietly
"come on, now, no more talking! lights out in ten minutes!" "c'mon," ron said to harry and hermione; they seized three sleeping bags and dragged them into a corner
"any sign of him, professor?" asked percy in a whisper
"headmaster?" it was snape
"what about the astronomy tower? professor trelawney's room? the owlery?" "all searched
"why?" chorused the rest of the team
"where's professor lupin?" he said
"what's wrong with him?" snape's black eyes glittered
'all of you! now!" with many bitter sidelong looks and some sullen muttering, the class opened their books
"anyone?" snape said, ignoring hermione
professor lupin gave this eight out of ten? i wouldn't have given it three
"why's he got it in for lupin? d'you think this is all because of the boggart?" "i don't know," said hermione pensively
without magic!" he was breathing deeply, his fists clenched
"what did you do that for?" said harry furiously
"stand and fight, you mangy cur!" yelled sir cadogan
"they'll repel water!" wood looked as though he could have kissed her
"okay, team, let's go for it!" hermione's spell had done the trick
"not harry, not harry, please not harry!" "stand aside, you silly girl
"did someone get my nimbus?" ron and hermione looked quickly at each other
"and?" "and it hit  it hit  oh, harry  it hit the whomping willow
"it's okay!" professor lupin was back at work
"what are you doing?" said harry curiously
"just tap it again and say, 'mischief managed!' and it'll go blank
"how come fred and george never gave it to me!" said ron, outraged
"i'm their brother!" "but harry isn't going to keep it!" said hermione, as though the idea were ludicrous
"he's going to hand it in to professor mcgonagall, aren't you, harry?" "no, i'm not!" said harry
"he could be using one of the passages on that map to get into the castle! the teachers have got to know!" "he can't be getting in through a passage," said harry quickly
he hasn't got a signed form! if anyone finds out, he'll be in so much trouble! and it's not nightfall yet  what if sirius black turns up today? now?" "he'd have a job spotting harry in this," said ron, nodding through the mullioned windows at the thick, swirling snow
"inseparable!" "of course they were," said fudge
he loved that motorbike, what was he givin' it ter me for? why wouldn' he need it anymore? fact was, it was too easy ter trace
"harry?" said ron's voice uncertainly
"where is everyone?" said harry
"harry doesn't want to kill anyone, do you, harry?" again, harry didn't answer
"listen  is that fang?" harry and hermione put their ears to the door too
"think we'd better go and get someone?" said ron nervously
"well, that's okay then, hagrid!" said ron, clapping hagrid oil the shoulder
"yeah, they're great!" said ron, crossing his fingers under the table
"who -?" "i know," said ron, controlling himself, "i know who it could've been  lupin!" "what?" said harry, now starting to laugh himself "lupin? listen, if he had this much gold, he'd be able to buy himself some new robes
"who cares?" said ron impatiently
"what d'you think harry's going to do with it  sweep the floor?" said ron
"dig in!" he advised the table, beaming around
i dare not, headmaster! if i join the table, we shall be thirteen! nothing could be more unlucky! never forget that when thirteen dine together, the first to rise will be the first to die!" "we'll risk it, sibyll," said professor mcgonagall inpatiendy
"there's nothing wrong with it!" said harry, his voice shaking slightly
"what did you go running to mcgonagall for? hermione threw her book aside
and have you ordered a new broom yet?" "no," said harry
"what! you'd better get a move on, you know  you can't ride that shooting star against ravenclaw!" "he got a firebolt for christmas," said ron
"a firebolt? no! seriously? a  a real firebolt?" "don't get excited, oliver," said harry gloomily
"and what are you tutting at us for?" said ron irritably
"how does it work?" said harry nervously
"did you see that?" said harry excitedly
harry was failing again through thick white fog, and his mother's voice was louder than ever, echoing inside his head  "not harry! not harry! please  i'll do anything!" "stand aside
"i've got to! what if the dementors turn up at our match against ravenclaw? i can't afford to fall off again
"why  you didn't know my dad, did you?" "i  i did, as a matter of fact," said lupin
"concentrating hard? all right  go!" he pulled off the lid of the case for the third time, and the dementor rose out of it; the room fell cold and dark 'expecto patronum!" harry bellowed
"professor lupin?" he said
"yeah, i like that stuff!" lupin raised an eyebrow
"i wrote them down!" neville was saying tearfully
"but i must've dropped them somewhere!" "a likely tale!" roared sir cadogan
then, spotting harry and ron: "good even, my fine young yeomen! come clap this loon in irons
"i mean, at least you know now that it's safe!" "yeah, i suppose so," said harry
"i'll take it!" said ron eagerly
"ron, what ?" "scabbers! look! scabbers!" hermione was leaning away from ron, looking utterly bewildered
"he bit goyle for us once!" ron said miserably
this did seem to take ron's mind off scabbers for a moment ("great! can i try and shoot a few goals on it?") so they set off for the quidditch field together
she continued in this vein for some time, until wood said, "er  madam hooch? is it okay if harry has the firebolt back? we need to practice
"i can't see what's going to stop us tomorrow!" said wood
"see?" ron said furiously, chucking the stone down again
"did you see his face?" said ron gleefully, looking back at malfay
"he can't believe it! this is brilliant!" wood, too, was basking in the reflected glory of the firebolt
"knock her off her broom if you have to!" harry turned and caught sight of cho; she was grinning
"ten galleons to me! must find penelope, excuse me " "good for you, harry!" roared seamus finnigan
"can't you give her a break?" harry asked ron quietly
then he turned a corner into a clearing and - "aaarrgghh! nooo!" harry woke as suddenly as though he'd been hit in the face
"are you sure you weren't dreaming, ron?" "i'm telling you, i saw him!" "what's all the noise?" "professor mcgonagall told us to go to bed!" a few of the girls had come down their staircase, pulling or, dressing gowns and yawning
"excellent, are we carrying on?" said fred weasley brightly
"nonsense!" said percy, looking startled
"sir cadogan, did you just let a man enter gryffindor tower?" "certainly, good lady!" cried sir cadogan
"you  you did?" said professor mcgonagall
"why did he run?" harry had been wondering the same thing
cheers, hagrid "he probably wants to hear all about black!" said ron
"but she's still sticking up for it! it's a maniac, and she won't hear a word against it!" "ah, well, people can be a bit stupid abou' their pets," said hagrid wisely
"hogsmeade, next weekend!" said ron, craning over the heads to read the new notice
"can you hear someone talking, harry?" growled ron, not looking at hermione
"ron, how can you let him go with you? after what sirius black nearly did to you! i mean it, i'll tell " "so now you're trying to get harry expelled!" said ron furiously
"what are you up to?" "nothing," shrugged neville
"and what are you two doing here?" said snape, coming to a halt and looking from one to the other
"what are you doing, weasley?" malfoy looked up at the crumbling house behind ron
"suppose you'd love to live here, wouldn't you, weasley? dreaming about having your own bedroom? i heard your family all sleep in one room  is that true?" harry seized the back of ron's robes to stop him from leaping on malfoy
"what the ?" ron had to hold onto the fence to keep himself standing, he was laughing so hard
"turn out your pockets, potter!" he spat suddenly
"so!" said snape, his long nostrils quivering
"full of dark magic?" he repeated mildly
childish, but surely not dangerous? i imagine harry got it from a joke shop " "indeed?" said snape
"harry, do you know any of these men?" "no," said harry quickly
"you see, severus?" said lupin, turning back to snape
"that seems to clear that up! severus, i'll take this back, shall i?" he folded the map and tucked it inside his robes
he. ron, and lupin walked all the way back into the entrance hall before speaking
"do you know them?" said harry, impressed
"there's still the appeal!" said ron fiercely
"harry, you'd better beat him in the quidditch final!" hermione said shrilly
"wh  what?" said hermione, waking with a start and staring wildly around
"is it time to go? w  which lesson have we got now?" "divination, but it's not for another twenty minutes," said harry
"was professor flitwick angry? oh, it was malfoy, i was thinking about him and i lost track of things!" "you know what, hermione?" said ron, looking down at the enormous arithmancy book hermione had been using as a pillow
you've got that, haven't you? you must catch the snitch only if we're " "i know, oliver!" harry yelled
"you've got a firebolt!" said ron
or was it only crookshanks? harry squinted, pressing his nose flat against the glass
"what're you or, about?" "down here " harry looked quickly back out of the window
"she scores! she scores! gryffindor leads by eighty points to twenty!" harry, who had almost pelted headlong into the stands, skidded to a halt in midair, reversed, and zoomed back into the middle of the field
malfoy was diving, a look of triumph on his face  there, a few feet above the grass below, was a tiny, golden glimmer - harry urged the firebolt downward, but malfoy was miles ahead - "go! go! go!" harry urged his broom
"is there any point asking how you're going to sit for two exams at once?" said harry
"what's the matter?" "p  p  professor mcgonagall!" hermione gasped, pointing into the trunk
as each person climbed back down the silver ladder, the rest of the class hissed, "what did she ask? was it okay?" but they all refused to say
"are you sure?" professor trelawney urged him
"the dark lord? he-who-must-not-be-named? my dear boy, that's hardly something to joke about
"oh, ron, please let's move, they're going to do it!" hermione breathed
"crookshanks!" hermione moaned
"no, go away, crookshanks! go away!" but the cat was getting nearer  "scabbers  no!" too late  the rat had slipped between ron's clutching fingers, hit the ground, and scampered away
"how did he know ?" "he's friends with that dog," said harry grimly
"where's ron?" she whispered in a terrified voice
"why's that?" harry spat, trying to wrench himself free of ron, and hermione
what's the matter, gone soft in azkaban?" "harry!" hermione whimpered
"going to kill me, harry?" he whispered
was it a trick? "if you haven't been helping him," he said, with a furious glance at black, "how did you know he was here?" "the map," said lupin
"what?" ron said again, holding scabbers close to him, looking scared
"my dad too?" said harry, astounded
"what sort of animal ?" harry began, but hermione cut him off
"that was still really dangerous! running around in the dark with a werewolf! what if you'd given the others the slip, and bitten somebody?" "a thought that still haunts me," said lupin heavily
"up to the castle?" said snape silkily
"youre pathetic!" harry yelled
"just because they made a fool of you at school you won't even listen " "silence! i will not be spoken to like that!" snape shrieked, looking madder than ever
"how did you get this?" lupin asked black, thunderstruck
"what about it?" said ron defiantly
he cut it off himself?" "just before he transformed," said black
"this cat  crookshanks, did you call him?  told me peter had left blood on the sheets
"and why did he fake his death?" he said furiously
"he was their secret-keeper! he said so before you turned up. he said he killed them!" he was pointing at black, who shook his head slowly; the sunken eyes were suddenly over bright
"together?" he said quietly
"when nobody has ever done it before?" "he's got dark powers the rest of us can only dream of!" pettigrew shouted shrilly
"do you deny it?" pettigrew burst into tears
"leave the dursleys?" "of course, i thought you wouldn't want to," said black quickly
"leave it to me  run!" there was a terrible snarling noise
first class, if i can wangle it!" "thank you very much indeed, minister
"how's ron?" said harry and hermione together
"minister, listen!" harry said
"sirius black's innocent! peter pettigrew faked his own death! we saw him tonight! you can't let the dementors do that thing to sirius, he's " but fudge was shaking his head with a small smile on his face
"and does my evidence count for nothing?" snarled snape
"three turns? what's he talking about? what are we supposed to do?" but hermione was fumbling with the neck of her robes, pulling from beneath them a very long, very fine gold chain
"ready?" she said breathlessly
"what are we doing?" harry said, completely lost
why did he tell us to go back three hours? how's that going to help sirius?" harry stared at her shadowy face
"what happened? we were walking down to hagrid's three hours ago
"hermione, we're going to save buckbeak!" "but  how will that help sirius?" "dumbledore said  he just told us where the window is  the window of flitwick's office! where they've got sirius locked up! we've got to fly buckbeak up to the window and rescue sirius! sirius can escape on buckbeak  they can escape together!" from what harry could see of hermione's face, she looked terrified
"if we manage that without being seen, it'll be a miracle!" "well, we've got to try, haven't we?" said harry
"we need to keep out of sight of hagrid's front door, or we'll see us! we must be nearly at hagrid's by now!" still working out what she meant, harry set off at a sprint, hermione behind him
"now?" harry whispered
"don't you understand? we're breaking one of the most important wizarding laws! nobody's supposed to change time, nobody! you heard dumbledore, if we're seen " "we'd only be seen by ourselves and hagrid!" "harry, what do you think you'd do if you saw yourself bursting into hagrid's house?" said hermione
"quick! quick!" hermione moaned, darting out from behind her tree, seizing the rope too and adding her weight to make buckbeak move faster
then  "where is it?" said the reedy voice of the committee member
"now what?" whispered harry, looking around
"if i just dashed out now and grabbed it, snape'd never be able to get it and " "harry, we mustn't be seen!" "how can you stand this?" he asked hermione fiercely
"just standing here and watching it happen?" he hesitated
"see?" hermione whispered
"see what would have happened? we've got to keep out of sight! no, buckbeak!" the hippogriff was making frantic attempts to get to hagrid again; harry seized his rope too, straining to hold buckbeak back
if the patronus was shining so brightly, didn't it light him up? couldn't you see ?" "yeah, i saw him," said harry slowly
was it so impossible his father had done the same? had he been seeing things across the take? the figure had been too far away to see distinctly
does that make sense?" "i don't know  harry, look at snape!" together they peered around the bush at the other bank
"look!" hermione whispered
"\who's that? someone's coming back out of the castle!" harry stared through the darkness
"the executioner! he's gone to get the dementors! this is it, hermione " hermione put her hands on buckbeak's back and harry gave her a leg up
"ready?" he whispered to hermione
"he's there!" harry said, spotting sirius as they rose up beside the window
owl post again harry!" hermione was tugging at his sleeve, staring at her watch
i don't want to think about it!" hermione moaned, checking her watch again
"come on, harry!" they crept along the corridor
"did i hear the headmaster leaving? am i allowed to look after my patients now?" she was in a very bad mood
"really  they'll wake everybody up! what do they think they're doing?" harry was trying to hear what the voices were saying
"the daily prophet's going to have a field day! we had black cornered and he slipped through our fingers yet again! all it needs now is for the story of that hippogriff's escape to get out, and i'll be a laughingstock! well
"and the dementors?" said dumbledore
"i mean, black escapin' again, an, everythin'  but guess what?" "what?" they said, pretending to look curious
"he's packing?" said harry, alarmed
"how d'you know about that?" said harry, distracted
"indeed?" said dumbledore
"i don't want a connection with pettigrew!" said harry
"but you passed your exam with three hundred and twenty percent!" said ron
"what's that thing outside your window?" harry turned to look outside
he ripped open the letter, and shouted, "it's from sirius!" "what?" said ron and hermione excitedly
"read it aloud!" dear harry, i hope this finds you before you reach your aunt and uncle
"never!" frank bryce was the riddles' gardener
that's no reason to " "who else had a key to the back door, then?" barked the cook
"there's been a spare key hanging in the gardener's cottage far back as i can remember! nobody forced the door last night! no broken windows! all frank had to do was creep up to the big house while we was all sleeping
"where is nagini?" said the cold voice
"my lord, may i ask how long we are going to stay here?" "a week," said the cold voice
perhaps the task of nursing me has become wearisome for you, wormtail? could this suggestion of abandoning the plan be nothing more than an attempt to desert me?" "my lord! i  i have no wish to leave you, none at all " "do not lie to me!" hissed the second voice
"ah, wormtail, you don't want me to spoil the surprise? your part will come at the very end
to kill me too?" "wormtail, wormtail," said the cold voice silkily, "why would i kill you? i killed bertha because i had to
or had that been the pain in his scar? and who had the old man been? for there had definitely been an old man; harry had watched him fall to the ground
"is this it?" he said grumpily to aunt petunia
"who is this woman?" he said, staring at the signature with distaste
"dumpy sort of woman?" he growled finally
"played on broom- " "all right, all right!" said uncle vernon loudly
"i will not be spoken to like that!" said uncle vernon, trembling with rage
"that was an excellent breakfast, wasn't it?" said harry
"they'll be driving, of course?" uncle vernon barked across the table
"what happened?" said harry
"harry? harry, can you hear us?" the dursleys rounded on harry like a pair of angry wolverines
"what are we doing here? has something gone wrong?" "oh no, ron," came fred's voice, very sarcastically
"got your trunk ready?" "it's upstairs," said harry, grinning back
"having a good holiday, dudley?" he said kindly
then, with a second whoosh, george had cried "the burrow!" and vanished too
"what was it?" "ton-tongue toffee," said fred brightly
"you wait until i tell your mother -" "tell me what?" said a voice behind them
"what are weasleys' wizard wheezes?" harry asked as they climbed
"where's crookshanks?" harry asked hermione now
"enjoying it?" said ron darkly
"and have you heard from -?" ron began, but at a look from hermione he fell silent
"shall we go down and help your mum with dinner?" "yeah, all right," said ron
could you take the plates outside, girls? bill and charlie are setting up the tables
"will you keep it down?!" he bellowed
"'s' time already?" said fred groggily
"what d'you think?" he asked anxiously
"you have to pass a test to apparate?" harry asked
"why do we have to be up so early?" ginny said, rubbing her eyes and sitting down at the table
"amos!" said mr. weasley, smiling as he strode over to the man who had shouted
you?" "had to get up at two, didn't we, ced? i tell you, i'll be glad when he's got his apparition test
"did you really?" said mr. weasley nervously
weirdos, you know? there's a bloke walking 'round in a kilt and a poncho
"obliviate!" he said sharply, pointing his wand at mr. roberts
"couldn't have a better spot!" said mr. weasley happily
we'll be putting these tents up by hand! shouldn't be too difficult
"er - is it my eyes, or has everything gone green?" said ron
"harry! ron! hermione!" it was seamus finnigan, their fellow gryffindor fourth year
"like the decorations?" said seamus, grinning
"ah, why shouldn't we show our colors?" said mrs. finnigan
"who cares what he looks like? he's unbelievable
"they don't go to hogwarts, do they?" "'spect they go to some foreign school," said ron
"you've not got that fire started yet?" "dad's having fun with the matches," said fred
any other takers?" "they're a bit young to be gambling," said mr. weasley
"excellent! i haven't seen one that convincing in years! i'd pay five galleons for that!" percy froze in an attitude of stunned disapproval
"they're old enough to know what they want! you reckon ireland will win but krum'll get the snitch? not a chance, boys, not a chance
"couldn't do me a brew, i suppose? i'm keeping an eye out for barty crouch
"mr. crouch!" said percy breathlessly, sunk into a kind of halfbow that made him look like a hunchback
"well, they'll never replace brooms in britain, will they?" said bagman
still, it's not as though we haven't got anything to took forward to, eh, barty? eh? plenty left to organize, eh?" mr. crouch raised his eyebrows at bagman
"what's happening at hogwarts, dad?" said fred at once
"it's time!" said mr. weasley, looking as excited as any of them
"but i knows dobby too, sir!" squeaked the elf
"what's wrong with him?" "freedom is going to dobby's head, sir, " said winky sadly
"house-elves is not paid, sir!" she said in a muffled squeak
"why's he sent you up here, if he knows you don't like heights?" said harry, frowning
"so that's a house-elf?" ron muttered
ah, and here's lucius!" harry, ron, and hermione turned quickly
"veela!" "what are veel -?" but a hundred veela were now gliding out onto the field, and harry's question was answered for him
"zograf! levski! vulchanov! volkov! aaaaaaand - krum!" "that's him, that's him!" yelled ron, following krum with his omnioculars
"presenting - connolly! ryan! troy! mullet! moran! quigley! aaaaaand - lynch!" seven green blurs swept onto the field; harry spun a small dial on the side of his omnioculars and slowed the players down enough to read the word "firebolt" on each of their brooms and see their names, embroidered in silver, upon their backs
"ron, where are you? oh this is stupid - lumos!" she illuminated her wand and directed its narrow beam across the path
"d'you want to be showing off your knickers in midair? because if you do, hang around
"scare easily, don't they?" he said lazily
"out there wearing masks, are they?" malfoy turned his face to harry, still smiling
"what's up with her?" said ron, looking curiously after winky
"it's slavery, that's what it is! that mr. crouch made her go up to the top of the stadium, and she was terrified, and he's got her bewitched so she can't even run when they start trampling tents! why doesn't anyone do something about it?" "well, the elves are happy, aren't they?" ron said
"i pull down about a hundred sacks of galleons a year!" one of them shouted
"damn them!" he said, looking quite distracted, and without another word, he disapparated with a small pop! "not exactly on top of things, mr. bagman, is he?" said hermione, frowning
"it's the dark mark, harry!" hermione moaned, pulling him as hard as she could
"which of you did it?" he snapped, his sharp eyes darting between them
"which of you conjured the dark mark?" "we didn't do that!" said harry, gesturing up at the skull
"why weren't you at the match? your elf was saving you a seat too - gulping gargoyles!" bagman had just noticed winky lying at his feet
"stunned? by you lot, you mean? but why - ?" comprehension dawned suddenly on bagman's round, shiny face; he looked up at the skull, down at winky, and then at mr. crouch
"elf!" said mr. diggory sternly
"i is not knowing how, sir!" "you were found with a wand in your hand!" barked mr. diggory, brandishing it in front of her
"i dropped it!" "you dropped it?" repeated mr. diggory in disbelief
"is this a confession? you threw it aside after you conjured the mark?" "amos, think who you're talking to!" said mr. weasley, very angrily
"you found this wand, eh, elf? and you picked it up and thought you'd have some fun with it, did you?" "i is not doing magic with it, sir!" squealed winky, tears streaming down the sides of her squashed and bulbous nose
"i is not doing it!" she squealed, her eyes rolling in terror
"i is not, i is not, i is not knowing how! i is a good elf, i isn't using wands, i isn't knowing how!" "you've been caught red-handed, elf!" mr. diggory roared
"no, master! not clothes, not clothes!" harry knew that the only way to turn a house-elf free was to present it with proper garments
"the way they were treating her!" said hermione furiously
and mr. crouch! he knows she didn't do it and he's still going to sack her! he didn't care how frightened she'd been, or how upset she was - it was like she wasn't even human!" "well, she's not," said ron
"what's going on in there?" "who conjured it?" "arthur - it's not - him?" "of course it's not him," said mr. weasley impatiently
"she just picked it up off the ground!" "look, can someone just explain what that skull thing was?" said ron impatiently
"yeah, i bet it was!" said ron suddenly
"what were you-know-who's supporters up to, levitating muggles? i mean, what was the point?" "the point?" said mr. weasley with a hollow laugh
"they'd have been pleased to see it, wouldn't they?" "use your brains, ron," said bill
"if i'd seen that, i'd have known you were alive!" "not by name," said mr. weasley
"well, father feels he's got to make up for his mistake at the match, doesn't he?" said percy
"what are you two up to?" said mrs. weasley sharply, her eyes on the twins
"you're not by any chance writing out a new order form, are you?" said mrs. weasley shrewdly
"oh your father's coming!" she said suddenly, looking up at the clock again
"coming, arthur!" called mrs. weasley, hurrying out of the room
"dress robes!" repeated mrs. weasley
"they're all like that! your father's got some for smart parties!" "i'll go starkers before i put that on," said ron stubbornly
"molly, are you going to be all right taking the kids to king's cross?" "of course i will," she said
"he's an old friend of dumbledore's, isn't he?" said charlie
"yeah, you know what, percy?" said george seriously
"why?" said george impatiently
"mum!" said ron irritably
"what rules are they changing?" but mrs. weasley only smiled and waved
"at the world cup, remember? but my own mother won't say
and to keep foreign wizards from finding it, they'll have made it unplottable -" "come again?" "well, you can enchant a building so it's impossible to plot on a map, can't you?" "er.
what is that?" said malfoy, pointing at pigwidgeon's cage
going to enter, weasley? going to try and bring a bit of glory to the family name? there's money involved as well, you know
"don't let malfoy get to you, ron -" "him! get to me!? as if!" said ron, picking up one of the remaining cauldron cakes and squashing it into a pulp
"already wet, aren't they? little squirts! wheeeeeeeeee!" and he aimed another bomb at a group of second years who had just arrived
"says who?" said harry, taking off his sneakers and emptying them of water
"i just hope he's in gryffindor! keep your fingers crossed, eh, harry?" "er - yeah, all right," said harry
"brothers and sisters usually go in the same houses, don't they?" he said
"ravenclaw!" shouted the hat
"colin, i fell in!" he said shrilly, throwing himself into an empty seat
"pritchard, graham!" "slytherin!" "quirke, orla!" "ravenclaw!" and finally, with "whitby, kevin!" ("hufflepuff!"), the sorting ended
"why? wha' 'appened?" said harry, through a sizable chunk of steak
"well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day, do they?" said nearly headless nick
"moody?" harry muttered to ron
"what happened to him?" hermione whispered
bedtime! chop chop!" dumbledore sat down again and turned to talk to mad-eye moody
"yeah, but he's not the one who decides who the champion is, is he?" said fred shrewdly
"yeah," said fred airily, "but that was years ago, wasn't it? anyway, where's the fun without a bit of risk? hey, ron, what if we find out how to get 'round dumbledore? fancy entering?" "what d'you reckon?" ron asked harry
"password?" she said as they approached
"mornin'!" hagrid said, grinning at harry, ron, and hermione
"be'er wait fer the slytherins, they won' want ter miss this - blast-ended skrewts!" "come again?" said ron
"eurgh!" said lavender brown again
"what?" said ron in disbelief
"leave - what?" harry said, bewildered
"professor moody!" said a shocked voice
"teach - moody, is that a student?" shrieked professor mcgonagall, the books spilling out of her arms. "yep," said moody
"what was it like?" said harry eagerly
"we haven't got him till thursday!" he said in a disappointed voice
i've got one year to teach you how to deal with dark -" "what, aren't you staying?" ron blurted out
"not the ruddy library again?" said ron
"interesting lesson, wasn't it? i wonder what's for dinner, i'm - i'm starving, aren't you?" "neville, are you all right?" said hermione
"some lesson, though, eh?" said ron to harry as they set off for the great hall
"shall we get our divination stuff, then?" said harry
"you all right, neville?" harry asked him
why don't you get stabbed in the back by someone you thought was a friend?" "yeah
"hello," she said, "i've just finished!" "so have i!" said ron triumphantly, throwing down his quill
"oh am i?" said ron, peering down at his predictions
"how many members have you got?" "well - if you two join - three," said hermione
"and you think we want to walk around wearing badges saying 'spew,' do you?" said ron
"what does it say?" hermione asked breathlessly
"he's flying north?" hermione whispered
"he's coming back?" "dumbledore's reading what signs?" said ron, looking perplexed
why, though? another voice had awoken in the back of his brain
s till fifth year!" s aid dean thomas indignantly
"who's avoiding you?" said ron, sitting down next to them
"wonder what the tasks are going to be?" said ron thoughtfully
"what are you on about?" said ron, though harry thought he knew what was coming
sirius "why d'you have to keep changing owls?" ron asked in a low voice
"a portkey?" ron suggested
"it's a dragon!" shrieked one of the first years, losing her head completely
but then - "can you hear something?" said ron suddenly
you don't mind, dumbledore? viktor has a slight head cold
"over here! hermione, budge up, make a space -" "what?" "too late," said ron bitterly
"she's a veela!" he said hoarsely to harry
"you!" he said, staring at moody as though unsure he was really seeing him
a tall black girl who played chaser on the gryffindor quidditch team, angelina came over to them, sat down, and said, "well, i've done it! just put my name in!" "you're kidding!" said ron, looking impressed
"are you seventeen, then?" asked harry
"wait for me, will you, while i nip upstairs and get the badges?" "what is it with her?" said ron, exasperated, as hermione ran away up the marble staircase
"go on, hagrid!" harry, ron, and hermione urged him, but he just shook his head, grinning
"but harry set dobby free, and he was over the moon about it!" said hermione
"he's going up to the castle with her!" said hermione indignantly
"ooh it's them, look!" hermione whispered
"no surprises there!" yelled ron as a storm of applause and cheering swept the hall
"no, no, not at all! harry's name just came out of the goblet of fire!" krum's thick eyebrows contracted slightly
"did you put your name into the goblet of fire, harry?" he asked calmly
convenient, eh?" moody had just entered the room
"don't you?" said moody quietly
"e 'as ze chance to compete, 'asn't 'e? we 'ave all been 'oping to be chosen for weeks and weeks! ze honor for our schools! a thousand galleons in prize money - zis is a chance many would die for!" "maybe someone's hoping potter is going to die for it," said moody, with the merest trace of a growl
"imagining things, am i?" growled moody
"seeing things, eh? it was a skilled witch or wizard who put the boy's name in that goblet
"got to give our champions their instructions, haven't we? barty, want to do the honors?" mr. crouch seemed to come out of a deep reverie
"how did you get your name in?" "i didn't," said harry, staring up at him
"i didn't put my name in that goblet!" said harry, starting to feel angry
want to go for a walk?" "good idea," said harry gratefully
"the look on your face when dumbledore read out your name! but the question is, who did put it in? because moody's right, harry
"does he still think i entered myself?" "well
"he's jealous!" "jealous?" harry said incredulously
"harry, i've been thinking - you know what we've got to do, don't you? straight away, the moment we get back to the castle?" "yeah, give ron a good kick up the -" "write to sirius
"champions have died in the past, haven't they?" said rita skeeter briskly
"may i introduce mr. ollivander?" said dumbledore, taking his place at the judges' table and talking to the champions
"want a hanky, potter, in case you start crying in transfiguration?" "since when have you been one of the top students in the school, potter? or is this a school you and longbottom have set up together?" "hey - harry!" "yeah, that's right!" harry found himself shouting as he wheeled around in the corridor, having had just about enough
"you miss him!" hermione said impatiently
he slipped past her with a whispered "thanks!" and set off through the castle
had hagrid wanted to show him madame maxime? he could see her any old time he wanted
on'y - don' go tellin' anyone i showed yeh, right? yeh're not s'posed ter know
"keep back there, hagrid!" yelled a wizard near the fence, straining on the chain he was holding
"it's no good!" yelled another wizard
"never mind me, how are you?" said sirius seriously
you know what death eaters are, don't you?" "yes - he - what?" "he was caught, he was in azkaban with me, but he got released
and then - did you hear about that ministry of magic witch who's gone missing?" "bertha jorkins?" said harry
"is that what you mean? you think karkaroff might be here on his orders?" "i don't know," said sirius slowly, "i just don't know
"but how did you find out? we're not supposed to know
"what's that?" harry asked, pointing at the squiggly golden aerial
found out about the dragons, have you?" harry hesitated
"what d'you think i'm trying to do?" said harry angrily
"you'll be fine!" "yeah," said harry in a voice that was most unlike his own
"harry! good-o!" said bagman happily, looking around at him
your task is to collect the golden egg!" harry glanced around
nearly! careful now
"great scott, he can fly!" yelled bagman as the crowd shrieked and gasped
"yeh did it, harry!" said hagrid hoarsely
"dragons!" she said, in a disgusted tone, pulling harry inside
"now, just sit quietly for a minute - sit! and then you can go and get your score
"you were amazing! you really were!" but harry was looking at ron, who was very white and staring at harry as though he were a ghost
"not bad!" said ron as the crowd applauded
"ten?" said harry in disbelief
what's he playing at?" "harry, don't complain!" ron yelled excitedly
see the hinges there? you need to solve the clue inside the egg -because it will tell you what the second task is, and enable you to prepare for it! all clear? sure? well, off you go, then!" harry left the tent, rejoined ron, and they started to walk back around the edge of the forest, talking hard; harry wanted to hear what the other champions had done in more detail
"i wonder if you could give me a quick word? how you felt facing that dragon? how you feel now, about the fairness of the scoring?" "yeah, you can have a word," said harry savagely
"open it, harry, go on! let's just see what's inside it!" "he's supposed to work out the clue on his own," hermione said swiftly
"yeah, go on, harry, open it!" several people echoed
"shut it!" fred bellowed, his hands over his ears
then she said, "did you get all this from the kitchens, fred?" "yep," said fred, grinning at her
"'anything we can get you, sir, anything at all!' they're dead helpful
"going to try and lead the house-elves out on strike now, are you?" said george
"so you like care of magical creatures, do you? one of your favorite lessons?" "yes," said harry stoutly
and what do you think i saw gazing back at me?" "an ugly old bat in outsize specs?" ron muttered under his breath
"oh don't mind me!" the fat lady called irritably after them
"you'll see, you'll see in a minute!" said hermione excitedly
"hermione!" said ron, cottoning on
"you're trying to rope us into that spew stuff again!" "no, no, i'm not!" she said hastily
"and it's not spew, ron -" "changed the name, have you?" said ron, frowning at her
"dobby, what're you doing here?" harry said in amazement
"professor dumbledore gave dobby and winky jobs, sir! "winky?" said harry
"she's here too?" "yes, sir, yes!" said dobby, and he seized harry's hand and pulled him off into the kitchen between the four long wooden tables that stood there
"good service!" ron said, in an impressed voice
hermione, however, said, "good for you, dobby!" "thank you, miss!" said dobby, grinning toothily at her
"winky is not sunk so low as that! winky is properly ashamed of being freed!" "ashamed?" said hermione blankly
"but you can say what you like about the malfoys now?" harry asked him, grinning
"dobby doesn't care what they think anymore!" "oh you is a bad elf, dobby!" moaned winky, tears leaking down her face once more
you don't mind maroon, do you?" dobby was delighted
he's got a point, hasn't he?" "i'd still rather work for him than old crouch," said ron
"how're you supposed to get one on their own to ask them?" "lasso one?" ron suggested
'never played you up in lessons, has he?' i told her no, an she didn' seem happy at all
'" "said that, did he?" said hagrid, while ron and hermione laughed
you'll be openin the dancin', won yeh, harry? who're you takin'?" "no one, yet," said harry, feeling himself going red again
"ron, can we borrow pigwidgeon?" george asked
"you've already asked her?" "good point," said fred
"when we get back to the common room tonight, we'll both have partners - agreed?" "er
hey - guess who he asked? hermione!" "what?" said harry, completely distracted by this startling news
"yeah, i know!" said ron, some of the color coming back into his face as he started to laugh
"you just said that to get rid of neville!" "oh did i?" said hermione, and her eyes flashed dangerously
"what's got into them?" he demanded
"dobby!" harry yelled, scrambling away from the elf so fast he almost fell out of bed
"dobby is making them himself, sir!" the elf said happily
"come on!" parvati hissed
"let's sit down, shall we?" "oh - but - this is a really good one!" parvati said as the weird sisters struck up a new song, which was much faster
"you don't mind, do you, harry?" parvati said
"hasn't he asked you to call him vicky yet?" hermione looked at him in surprise
"the enemy! honestly - who was the one who was all excited when they saw him arrive? who was the one who wanted his autograph? who's got a model of him up in their dormitory?" ron chose to ignore this
"ten points from ravenclaw, fawcett!" snape snarled as a girl ran past him
"and what are you two doing?" he added, catching sight of harry and ron on the path ahead
"not against the law, is it?" "keep walking, then!" snape snarled, and he brushed past them, his long black cloak billowing out behind him
"and since when have he and snape been on first-name terms?"said harry slowly
"what did you know, 'agrid?" said madame maxime, a purr in her low voice
was it yer mother or yer father?" "i - i don't know what you mean, 'agrid
it's not in their natures, is it? dunno what happened to her
"no, don go! i've - i've never met another one before!" "anuzzer what, precisely?" said madame maxime, her tone icy
"another half-giant, o' course!" said hagrid
"i 'ave nevair been more insulted in my life! 'alf-giant? moi? i 'ave - i 'ave big bones!" she stormed away; great multicolored swarms of fairies rose into the air as she passed, angrily pushing aside bushes
"but what's it matter if his mother was a giantess?" said harry
"yeah?" said harry coldly as cedric ran up the stairs toward him
why would a bath help him to work out what the wailing egg meant? was cedric pulling his leg? was he trying to make harry look like a fool, so cho would like him even more by comparison? the fat lady and her friend vi were snoozing in the picture over the portrait hole
was hagrid in there, alone and ill? "what's wrong with hagrid?" harry said, hurrying to catch up with professor grubbly-plank
many of the girls "ooooohed!" at the sight of the unicorn
"how did she get it? they're supposed to be really hard to catch!" the unicorn was so brightly white it made the snow all around look gray
"what about hagrid?" harry said angrily as they went up the steps
"what about him?" said parvati in a hard voice
"we weren't trying to hear him!" said ron indignantly
"we didn't have any choice! the stupid prat, talking about his giantess mother where anyone could have heard him!" "we've got to go and see him," said harry
"well done!" harrys insides gave a guilty squirm, but he ignored them
harry - we all want a hogwarts victory, don't we?" "have you offered cedric help?" harry said
"he shouldn't be doing that!" said hermione, looking very shocked
"he's one of the judges! and anyway, you've already worked it out - haven't you?" "er
"i hope he's trying to help cedric as much!" "he's not, i asked," said harry
"who cares if diggorys getting help?" said ron
"worrying about poor 'ickle goblins, now, are you?" ron asked hermione
didn't seem very keen to talk to us, did he, bozo? now, why would that be, do you think? and what's he doing with a pack of goblins in tow anyway? showing them the sights
"how lovely! why don't you come and join- ?" "i wouldn't come near you with a ten-foot broomstick," said harry furiously
harry? the man behind the muscles? your unlikely friendship and the reasons behind it
"let her try!" said hermione defiantly; she was shaking with rage
"and hagrid isn't hiding anymore! he should never have let that excuse for a human being upset him! come on!" breaking into a run, she led them all the way back up the road, through the gates flanked by winged boars, and up through the grounds to hagrid's cabin
but what should i do? barricade myself in my study and refuse to talk to anybody?" "yeh - yeh're not half-giant!" said hagrid croakily
it was all over the papers, but did aberforth hide? no, he did not! he held his head high and went about his business as usual! of course, i'm not entirely sure he can read, so that may not have been bravery
an' now look at yeh, harry! school champion!" he looked at harry for a moment and then said, very seriously, "yeh know what i'd love
"have you been spying on him too?" said harry indignantly
what lives in the lake, apart from the giant squid?" "oh all sorts," she said
"thats it, isn't it?" said harry excitedly
"egg?" filch said quietly at the foot of the stairs
"my sweet!" - mrs. norris was obviously with him - "this is a triwizard clue! this belongs to a school champion!" harry felt sick; his heart was hammering very fast -" peeves!" filch roared gleefully
professor?" "of course not," snape snapped
"pajama party, is it?" he growled up the stairs
"did i hear that correctly, snape?" he asked slowly
potter?" "positive," said harry
"professor moody?" he said again
harry, ought to be an auror! interesting idea.
"yeah, you could've turned into a goldfish any time you wanted!" said ron
"be a talking point, wouldn't it?" harry, ron, and hermione looked up
"why?" said hermione, looking surprised
"come and get it!" she giggled maliciously
"right before you go into the lake, sir - gillyweed!" "what's it do?" said harry, staring at the gillyweed
"dobby is quite sure, sir!" said the elf earnestly
"where have you been?" said a bossy, disapproving voice
"relashio!" harry shouted, except that no sound came out
"how are you getting on?" harry thought he was having a heart attack
"no way!" said harry furiously - but only two large bubbles came out
"got lost!" he mouthed, looking panic-stricken
"what did you bring her for?" "fleur didn't turn up, i couldn't leave her," harry panted
"what were you going to do, snore at them?" said hermione waspishly
"he hasn't come back to hogsmeade?" said ron incredulously
"you were out of bed on the night my office was broken into!" snape hissed
"we can talk later, karkaroff!" spat snape
"who else was sitting behind you?" "loads of people," said harry
"i wonder why he'd do that?" "says he's taken a liking to me," said harry
"remember?" she said to harry and ron
"what?" said ron and hermione together
"did crouch try and get his son off?" hermione whispered
"so he's still in azkaban?" harry said
"yeah, it does!" said ron excitedly, but sirius shook his head
"dobby, where's winky?" said hermione, who was looking around
"master is needing his - hie - winky!" whimpered the elf
"we is hoping you will not judge us all by winky, sirs and miss!" "she's unhappy!" said hermione, exasperated
"oh really!" she sputtered, going rather red
"i warned her!" said ron as hermione hurried out of the great hall, cradling her hands
oh there y'are, hermione!" hermione was walking toward them across the lawn
"i hate that skeeter woman!" she burst out savagely
"no!" said hermione stubbornly
"do we have to start a vendetta against rita skeeter as well?" "i'm not asking you to help!" hermione snapped
"i'll do it on my own!" she marched back up the marble staircase without a backward glance
"what's the betting she comes back with a box of / hate rita skeeter badges?" said ron
"mr. crouch?" said harry cautiously
his?" whispered crouch, his mouth sagging
"dumbledore's?" "that's right," said harry
me!" he whispered, his eyes bulging again
"i've got to tell dumbledore!" harry yelled
"krum attacked crouch - no, wait for it - and then stunned himself!" "and mr. crouch evaporated, did he?" said hermione coldly
"who're you blackmailing?" he said
"about crouch and everything?" "no," said harry
"tell percy? he'd probably do a crouch and turn them in
"so he did disapparate?" said ron
well, they would've been in the trees near us, wouldn't they? but they waited till i was out of the way until they acted, didn't they? so it doesn't look like i'm their target, does it?" "they couldn't have made it look like an accident if they'd murdered you in the forest!" said hermione
"just try and fall backward!" "once you're stunned, you can't aim too well, hermione! "said ron angrily
potter, i have experience in these matters!" harry looked up at her
oh just open, can't you?" he said angrily
"chocolate frog!" he yelled angrily, standing on one leg
"sugar quill! cockroach cluster!" the gargoyle sprang to life and jumped aside
"cockroach cluster?" he said, amazed
"can we wrap up this discussion?" growled moody
"professor!" harry said in a kind of strangled whisper
but what was this place? what were all these wizards waiting for? harry looked around more carefully
"i - i am delighted to hear it!" but he didn't look it
"i assure you! severus snape is a death eater!" dumbledore had gotten to his feet
"i'm your son!" "you are no son of mine!" bellowed mr. crouch, his eyes bulging suddenly
"i have no son!" the wispy witch beside him gave a great gasp and slumped in her seat
"take them away!" crouch roared at the dementors, spit flying from his mouth
"what is it?" harry asked shakily
"this? it is called a pensieve," said dumbledore
harry - did you see voldemort?" "no," said harry
"professor?" he said again
"yes, harry?" said dumbledore
"so they're dead?" said harry quietly
"what?" said harry and ron together, staring at her
"gone off me a bit, hasn't she?" said harry lightly, folding up the paper
"how did she know your scar hurt in divination?" ron said
i think we've got her! just give me two seconds in the library - just to make sure!" with that, hermione seized her school bag and dashed out of the great hall
"she doesn't expect the dursleys to turn up, does she?" he asked ron blankly
beaten him once before, haven't you?" "rita skeeter goes out of her way to cause trouble, amos!" mrs. weasley said angrily
"how's percy?" harry asked as they walked around the greenhouses
"oh!" said mrs. weasley "no - of course i didn't!" but she became considerably warmer toward hermione after that
harry?" bagman asked as they went down the stone steps onto the grounds
"confident?" "i'm okay," said harry
"off you go, then!" said bagman brightly to the four patrollers
"hang on!" he shouted, advancing in the wake of his silver patronus, "you're a boggart! riddikulus!" there was a loud crack, and the shape-shifter exploded in a wisp of smoke
what had happened to her? her scream seemed to have come from somewhere ahead
what had she met? was she all right? there was no sign of red sparks - did that mean she had got herself out of trouble, or was she in such trouble that she couldn't reach her wand? harry took the right fork with a feeling of increasing unease
"what the hell d'you think you're doing?" and then harry heard krum's voice
"crucio!" the air was suddenly full of cedric's yells
"you don't think krum got her too?" "i don't know," said harry slowly
"should we leave him here?" cedric muttered
more slowly?" he asked tentatively
"all the clues add up to a creature i wouldn't want to kiss?" harry asked
"stupefy! impedimenta! stupefy!" but it was no use - the spider was either so large, or so magical, that the spells were doing no more than aggravating it
"hurry!" the whole surface of the water was alight with sparks now
"you see that house upon the hillside, potter? my father lived there
but look, harry! my true family returns
you will do better this time, will you not, crabbe? and you, goyle?" they bowed clumsily, muttering dully
wormtail would have had me use any wizard, would you not, wormtail? any wizard who had hated me
"don't let go, now!" she cried, and her voice echoed like cedrics as though from very far away
"harry! harry!" he opened his eyes
"my god - diggory!" it whispered
and then others shouted it - screeched it - into the night - "he's dead!" "he's dead!" "cedric diggory! dead!" "harry, let go of him," he heard fudge's voice say, and he felt fingers trying to pry him from cedric's limp body, but harry wouldn't let him go
the crowd around them jostled, fighting to get closer, pressing darkly in on him - "what's happened?" "what's wrong with him?" "diggorys dead!" "he'll need to go to the hospital wing!" fudge was saying loudly
"voldemort's back, harry? you're sure he's back? how did he do it?" "he took stuff from his father's grave, and from wormtail, and me," said harry
"how did he treat them?" moody asked quietly
of killing our fathers to ensure the continued rise of the dark order!" "you're mad," harry said - he couldn't stop himself- "you're mad!" "mad, am i?" said moody, his voice rising uncontrollably
"can you hear me?" dumbledore asked quietly
"how did your father subdue you?" said dumbledore
"map?" said dumbledore quickly
"what did you do with the body?" "carried it into the forest
"harry, are you all right? i knew it - i knew something like this - what happened?" his hands shook as he helped harry into a chair in front of the desk
"what happened?" he asked more urgently
"my wand's feather came from fawkes?" harry said, amazed
"diggory came back to life?" said sirius sharply
"harry! oh harry!" she started to hurry toward him, but dumbledore moved between them
"they'll wake him if they don't shut up!" "what are they shouting about? nothing else can have happened, can it?" harry opened his eyes blearily
"by all accounts, he is no loss!" blustered fudge
"and if i have?" he said, looking at dumbledore
"look, i saw voldemort come back!" harry shouted
"i saw the death eaters! i can give you their names! lucius malfoy -" snape made a sudden movement, but as harry looked at him, snape's eyes flew back to fudge
"cedric diggory! mr. crouch! these deaths were not the random work of a lunatic!" "i see no evidence to the contrary!" shouted fudge, now matching her anger, his face purpling
"envoys to the giants?" fudge shrieked, finding his tongue again
the dark mark. it is not as clear as it was an hour or so ago, when it burned black, but you can still see it
why do you think karkaroff fled tonight? we both felt the mark burn
"him!" he snarled, staring at sirius, whose face showed equal dislike
"who?" said ron curiously
"what's dumbledore asked you to do, hagrid?" he asked
who'd like ter come an' visit the las' skrewt with me? i was jokin' - jokin'!" he added hastily, seeing the looks on their faces
"did i?" said harry, perplexed
"how?" "bugging," said hermione happily
"trying not to think about it, are we?" said malfoy softly, looking around at all three of them
"exploding snap, anyone?" said fred, pulling out a pack of cards
"so?" "so," said fred impatiently, "it vanished, didn't it? by next morning, it had gone!" "but - it must've been an accident, mustn't it?" said hermione
"what?" said fred, looking flabbergasted
'get out of that one, boy! as if we didn't know you get all your news from those pestilential birds!' harry hesitated for a moment
if it hadn't been for him, nobody would even have known voldemort was back! and
'same time tomorrow?' said dudley
' 'i said, shut it!' said dudley, whose ham-like hands had curled into fists
'so who've you been beating up tonight?' harry asked, his grin fading
'you haven't got the guts to take me on without that thing, have you?' dudley snarled
you know that boxing title you keep banging on about? how old was your opponent? seven? eight?' 'he was sixteen, for your information,' snarled dudley, 'and he was out cold for twenty minutes after i'd finished with him and he was twice as heavy as you
you just wait till i tell dad you had that thing out - 'running to daddy now, are you? is his ickle boxing champ frightened of nasty harry's wand?' 'not this brave at night, are you?' sneered dudley
' "don't kill cedric! don't kill cedric!" who's cedric - your boyfriend?' 'i - you're lying,' said harry automatically
'dudley? dudley!' he had run barely a dozen steps when he reached them: dudley was curled up on the ground, his arms clamped over his face
'left to see someone about a batch of cauldrons that fell off the back of a broom! i told him i'd flay him alive if he went, and now look! dementors! it's just lucky i put mr tibbles on the case! but we haven't got time to stand around! hurry, now, we've got to get you back! oh, the trouble this is going to cause! i will kill him!' 'but - ' the revelation that his batty old cat-obsessed neighbour knew what dementors were was almost as big a shock to harry as meeting two of them down the alleyway
'get up, you useless lump, get up!' but dudley either could not or would not move
'dementors, 'ere?' 'yes, here, you worthless pile of bat droppings, here!' shrieked mrs figg
'ouch - gerroff - gerroff, you mad old bat! someone's gotta tell dumbledore!' 'yes - they - have!' yelled mrs figg, swinging the bag of cat food at every bit of mundungus she could reach
'and - it - had - better - be - you - and - you - can - tell - him - why - you - weren't - there - to - help!' 'keep your 'airnet on!' said mundungus, his arms over his head, cowering
'i'm going, i'm going!' and with another loud crack, he vanished
me followed?' 'of course he has,' said mrs figg impatiently
'diddy! diddy, what's the matter with you? vernon? vernon!' harry's uncle came galumphing out of the living room, walrus moustache blowing hither and thither as it always did when he was agitated
'phone the police, vernon! phone the police! diddy, darling, speak to mummy! what did they do to you?' in all the kerfuffle nobody seemed to have noticed harry, which suited him perfectly
'boy! come here!' with a feeling of mingled dread and anger, harry removed his foot slowly from the stair and turned to follow the dursleys
'what have you done to my son?' he said in a menacing growl
'was it - was it you-know-what, darling? did he use - his thing?' slowly, tremulously, dudley nodded
'where d'you think you're going?' yelled uncle venon
'what happened then, dudders?' 'felt
'what now? have they sentenced you to anything? do your lot have the death penalty?' he added as a hopeful afterthought
'no, it ruddy well is not all!' bellowed uncle vernon
'i want to know exactly what happened to my son!' 'fine!' yelled harry, and in his temper, red and gold sparks shot out of the end of his wand, still clutched in his hand
'what do they do?' 'i told you - they suck all the happiness out of you,' said harry, 'and if they get the chance, they kiss you - ' 'kiss you?' said uncle vernon, his eyes popping slightly
'why's he all right, then?' blustered uncle vernon
'why isn't e all empty, then?' 'because i used the patronus - ' whoosh
'no idea.' his head was pounding in the glare of the strip-lighting now
' 'and now he's sending dismembers after you?' 'looks like it,' said harry
'well, that settles it,' he said, his shirt front straining as he inflated himself, 'you can get out of this house, boy!' 'what?' said harry
'out! out! i should've done this years ago! owls treating the place like a rest home, puddings exploding, half the lounge destroyed, dudley's tail, marge bobbing around on the ceiling and that flying ford anglia - out! out! you've had it! you're history! you're not staying here if some loony's after you, you're not endangering my wife and son, you're not bringing trouble down on us
' 'let go of it, petunia!' roared uncle vernon
'get it over with! it'll happen anyway
'what - i don't - 'petunia?' aunt petunia said nothing
and what, what, had that howler been about? whose voice had echoed so horribly, so menacingly, through the kitchen? why was he still trapped here without information? why was everyone treating him like some naughty kid? don't do any more magic, stay in the house
'is that you?' 'why are we all standing in the dark?' said a third voice, this one completely unfamiliar, a woman's
'never you mind, you just keep your wand out of your back pocket!' growled mad-eye
'how are you?' he asked, looking closely at harry
' 'where are we going? the burrow?' harry asked hopefully
i suppose it varies, just as it does with wizards?' 'er - yeah,' said harry
'it's a bit too clean, d'you know what i mean? bit unnatural
'mount your brooms, that's the first signal!' said lupin sharply, pointing into the sky
'hard left, hard left, there's a muggle looking up!' shouted moody from behind him
'we ought to double back for a bit, just to make sure we're not being followed!' moody shouted
'are you mad, mad-eye?' tonks screamed from the front
'where are we?' harry asked, but lupin said quietly, 'in a minute
that'll take care of any muggles looking out of the window, see? now come on, quick
number twelve,grimmauld place 'what's the order of the - ?' harry began
'didn't work that well, though, did it?' said harry, doing his utmost to keep his voice even
'how come you two are allowed to know everything that's going on?' 'we're not!' ron interrupted
'who had to get past dragons and sphinxes and every other foul thing last year? who saw him come back? who had to escape from him? me!' ron was standing there with his mouth half-open, clearly stunned and at a loss for anything to say, whilst hermione looked on the verge of tears
'but why should i know what's going on? why should anyone bother to tell me what's been happening?' 'harry, we wanted to tell you, we really did - ' hermione began
'what is this place, anyway?' he shot at ron and hermione
'what's happening? what's he up to? where is he? what are we doing to stop him?' 'we've told you, the order don't let us in on their meetings,' said hermione nervously 'so we don't know the details - but we've got a general idea,' she added hastily, seeing the look on harry's face
' 'what d'you mean?' 'remember old fleur delacour?' said george
'what's happened?' harry said
' 'but what's that got to do with percy?' asked harry, confused
' 'which is what?' said harry impatiently
'hermione still hasn't given up on spew.' 'it's not spew!' said hermione heatedly
'yoooou!' she howled, her eyes popping at the sight of the man
'journey all right, harry?' bill called, trying to gather up twelve scrolls at once
asking me how the cleaning's going - ' 'what cleaning?' asked harry
'for heaven's sake!' screamed mrs weasley
'how come he's in the order?' harry said, very quietly
'he's not an adult either!' said mrs weasley, the colour rising in her cheeks
'sometimes, the way you talk about him, it's as though you think you've got your best friend back!' 'what's wrong with that?' said harry
'who else has he got?' 'he's got me!' 'yes,' said mrs weasley, her lip curling, 'the thing is, it's been rather difficult for you to look after him while you've been locked up in azkaban, hasn't it?' sirius started to rise from his chair
'if harry's allowed, why can't i?' shouted ron
'mum, i want to hear!' wailed ginny 'no!' shouted mrs weasley, standing up, her eyes overbright
'why d'you think dumbledore's in such trouble?' 'what d'you mean?' harry asked
' 'you two just apparated on my knees!' 'yeah, well, it's harder in the dark
'you've never been on the receiving end of one of her bat-bogey hexes, have you?' 'shhh!' said fred, half-rising from the bed
d'you reckon we can risk the extendable ears?' 'might be worth it,' said george
'is it true? is it harry potter? kreacher can see the scar, it must be true, that's the boy who stopped the dark lord, kreacher wonders how he did it - ' 'don't we all, kreacher,' said fred
'now, what are you up to?' 'kreacher is cleaning,' the elf repeated
?' 'leave?' sirius smiled bitterly and ran his fingers through his long, unkempt hair
' 'you're kidding!' 'come on, harry, haven't you seen enough of this house to tell what kind of wizards my family were?' said sirius testily
'you never said she was your - ' 'does it matter if she's my cousin?' snapped sirius
'doesn't it ever lie flat?' she said desperately
'come on!' the lift clattered into view and they hurried inside
' 'aren't - aren't you coming with - ?' 'no, no, i'm not allowed
good luck!' harry's heart was beating a violent tattoo against his adams apple
'you produced a fully-fledged patronus?' 'yes,' said harry, 'because - ' 'a corporeal patronus?' 'a - what?' said harry
'where is this person?' 'i brought her with me,' said dumbledore
'what did the dementors do?' she asked, and harry felt a rush of hope
'and what is that supposed to mean?' fudge asked icily
'serious miscarriage, my hat!' said fudge at the top of his voice
'you were tried by the lull court?' 'i think so,' said harry quietly
' 'so you think he's touched in the head?' said harry heatedly
'still not finished?' she said, poking her head into the cupboard
'i thought you might be here to tell us to have a break!' said ron bitterly
'me too, harry, me too!' 'no,' said harry quickly, pushing the badge back into ron's hand
wow! well done, ron! that's really - ' 'unexpected,' said george, nodding
'i don't believe it! i don't believe it! oh, ron, how wonderful! a prefect! that's everyone in the family!' 'what are fred and i, next-door neighbours?' said george indignantly, as his mother pushed him aside and flung her arms around her youngest son
'he could if you don't watch out!' said hermione angrily
still,' he added on a happier note, 'they've never had new brooms! i wish i could go with mum and choose
did this make him as arrogant as draco malfoy? did he think himself superior to everyone else? did he really believe he was better than ron? no, said the small voice defiantly
'i thought it would be you!' 'nah, i've caused too much trouble,' harry said, echoing fred
' 'like what?' said ginny, who was choosing a baked potato
'what about you, sirius?' ginny asked, thumping hermione on the back
' 'i see them d - d - dead all the time!' mrs weasley moaned into his shoulder
'better hurry up, hadn't we, molly?' she added, checking her watch
bad time?' harry wiped the lenses of his glasses with his trevor-free hand
'tell me, how does it feel being second-best to weasley, potter?' he asked
'where d'you reckon - ' ' - hagrid is? i dunno,' said ron, sounding worried
where's crookshanks?' 'ginny's got him,' said harry
'what horse things?' 'the horse things pulling the carriages!' said harry impatiently
'what are you talking about?' 'i'm talking about - look!' harry grabbed ron's arm and wheeled him about so that he was face to face with the winged horse
'what am i supposed to be looking at?' 'at the - there, between the shafts! harnessed to the coach! it's right there in front - ' but as ron continued to look bemused, a strange thought occurred to harry
can't you see them?' 'see what?' 'can't you see what's pulling the carriages?' ron looked seriously alarmed now
'who's that?' she said sharply, pointing towards the middle of the staff table
'branched out a bit this year, hasn't it?' said ron, his eyebrows raised
'what were you saying before the sorting?' hermione asked the ghost
terrified? i hope i, sir nicholas de mimsy-porpington, have never been guilty of cowardice in my life! the noble blood that runs in my veins -' 'what blood?' asked ron
'and to see such happy little faces looking up at me!' harry glanced around
'but - why?' said harry, astonished
'just read the daily prophet like your mother, why don't you? that'll tell you all you need to know
stop your mummy worrying - ' 'leave my mother out of this, potter!' 'what's going on?' ron had appeared in the doorway
'out of order, am i?' shouted seamus, who in contrast with ron was going pale
'you believe all the rubbish he's come out with about you-know-who, do you, you reckon he's telling the truth?' 'yeah, i do!' said ron angrily
'yeah? well, unfortunately for you, pal, i'm also a prefect!' said ron, jabbing himself in the chest with a finger
' 'and why would starting fifth year mean i want a skiving snackbox?' asked hermione
'you are so tactless!' 'what? i only asked her if - ' 'couldn't you tell she wanted to talk to harry on her own?' 'so? she could've done, i wasn't stopping - ' 'why on earth were you attacking her about her quidditch team?' 'attacking? i wasn't attacking her, i was only - ' 'who cares if she supports the tornados?' 'oh, come on, half the people you see wearing those badges only bought them last season - ' 'but what does it matter?' 'it means they're not real fans, they're just jumping on the bandwagon - ' that's the bell,' said harry dully, because ron and hermione were bickering too loudly to hear it
'tell me, potter,' said snape softly, 'can you read?' draco malfoy laughed
'well, good afternoon!' she said, when finally the whole class had sat down
that wasn't too difficult, was it? wands away and quills out, please
'and your name is?' professor umbridge said to dean
and your name is?' she added, staring at parvati, whose hand had just shot up
'what is; it this time, my fine potty friend? hearing voices? seeing visions? speaking in - ' peeves blew a gigantic raspberry '- tongues?' 'i said, leave me alone!' harry shouted, running down the nearest flight of stairs, but peeves merely slid down the banister on his back beside him
'professor?' he added, in an attempt to sound more polite
'is it true that you shouted at professor umbridge?' 'yes,' said harry
' 'but i was telling the truth!' said harry, outraged
'shall we do snape's stuff first?' said ron, dipping his quill into his ink
'yeah, you're right,' said george, nodding, 'this dosage looks strong enough, doesn't it?' 'i told you this morning, you can't test your rubbish on students!' 'we're paying them!' said fred indignantly
'i don't care, it could be dangerous!' 'rubbish,' said fred
'feel all right?' said george kindly to a small dark-haired girl lying at his feet
'it is not excellent!' 'course it is, they're alive, aren't they?' said fred angrily
' 'you're leaving out hats for the house-elves?' said ron slowly
' 'of course they want to be free!' said hermione at once, though her face was turning pink
'so - anyone know the names of these creatures? miss granger?' 'bowtruckles,' said hermione
'how come you've landed yourself in detention for five o'clock on friday?' 'what?' said harry
'didn't i tell you i wanted to do a tryout with the whole team, and find someone who fitted in with everyone? didn't i tell you i'd booked the quidditch pitch specially? and now you've decided you're not going to be there!' 'i didn't decide not to be there!' said harry, stung by the injustice of these words
?' harry said to ron and hermione as they entered the great hall
'yes?' 'nothing,' said harry quietly
'well, we'll just have to try again tomorrow evening, won't we? you may go
'how was detention with umbridge, anyway? what did she make you do?' harry hesitated for a fraction of a second, then said, 'lines
'but what have you got your broom for, you haven't been flying, have you?' harry asked
'it's a brilliant idea! it'd be really cool if you got on the team! i've never seen you play keeper, are you good?' 'i'm not bad,' said ron, who looked immensely relieved at harry's reaction
'harry, i did it, i'm in, i'm keeper!' 'what? oh - brilliant!' said harry, trying to smile naturally, while his heart continued to race and his hand throbbed and bled
'it's my friend ron weasley, d'you know him?' 'the tornados-hater?' said cho rather coolly
' 'gone?' said filch, his face contorting with rage
'what are you looking so pleased about?' said ron, eyeing harry in surprise
'hey!' he said, flattening it down so hermione and ron could see it
'what's that weasley's riding?' malfoy called in his sneering drawl
'sorry!' ron groaned, zooming forwards to see whether he had done any damage
'but as you're passing to a teammate, do try not to knock her off her broom, won't you? we've got bludgers for that!' katie's nose was bleeding
'what now?' he said impatiently to alicia, who was nearest
'was he lousy?' no,' said harry loyally
'what d'you reckon?' 'open it!' said hermione eagerly, and harry nodded
'why are you down there?' 'because i've just seen sirius's head in the fire,' said harry
' 'but what if you'd been seen?' said hermione anxiously
' 'i would, i just don't want you chucked back in azkaban!' said harry
'nothing wrong with a good healthy "p".' 'but,' said hermione, 'doesn't "p" stand for
' 'what was it like?' harry and hermione asked together
' 'who've you got this afternoon?' fred asked harry
'you want us to do extra work? d'you realise harry and i are behind on homework again and it's only the second week?' 'but this is much more important than homework!' said hermione
think what you've clone!' 'how d'you mean?' 'you know what, i'm not sure i want someone this stupid teaching me,' ron said to hermione, smirking slightly
'coming?' he said awkwardly to harry
' 'and?' said hermione eagerly
'i never knew that!' 'mum told ron not to spread it around,' said fred, grinning at harry
'maybe an unused classroom?' said dean
' 'what d'you mean? who's taking anything badly? i'm not going to harp on about anything
'zacharias smith!' said ron at once, punching a fist into his hand
' 'what'll happen to them?' said ron eagerly
'she's hurt!' harry whispered, bending his head low over her
'not feeling well?' he repeated hazily
but i shall not be insulted, no, i shall not!' 'but, professor, who's insulting you?' asked parvati timidly
' 'consider what?' said ron angrily
'hermione, this whole thing was your idea!' said harry, staring at her
'so,' said sirius, 'how are you organising this group? where are you meeting?' 'well, mats a bit of a problem now, said harry
'i've got permission!' she said
ha! so i want you down at the pitch at seven o'clock tonight, all right, because we've got to make up time
what's up with you, hermione?' she, too, was gazing at the window, but not as though she really saw it
'when your scar hurt in umbridge's office? you-know-who was angry?' harry shook his head
'dobby?' said harry thickly, peering through the gloom towards the source of the voice
'dobby knows the perfect place, sir!' he said happily
it is known by us as the come and go room, sir, or else as the room of requirement!' 'why?' said harry curiously
' 'how many people know about it?' said harry, sitting up straight er in his chair
'harry!' said hermione sharply, as they wheeled around after their third walk past
'and - what, hermione?' 'i also think we ought to have a name,' she said brightly, her hand still in the air
'it saved my life in june.' smith opened his mouth stupidly
'i did it!' said neville gleefully
same time, same place next week?' 'sooner!' said dean thomas eagerly and many people nodded in agreement
'did you see me disarm hermione, harry?' 'only once,' said hermione, stung
well, if you don't want to use them - ' 'you can do a protean charm?' said terry boot 'yes,' said hermione
'it's good, isn't it?' said luna happily
'what do you think you're doing?' screamed madam hooch, as harry leapt to his feet
two on one! explain yourselves!' 'malfoy provoked us,' said harry stiffly
'help?' she repeated, in a constricted voice
'ban us?' he said, and his voice sounded strangely distant
' 'oh yeah?' said harry sceptically
'blimey, it's good ter see yeh three again - had good summers, did yeh?' 'hagrid, you've been attacked!' said ron
'you're not going to eat that, are you, hagrid?' said ron, leaning in for a closer look
' 'so, are you going to tell us what's happened to you?' harry asked
' 'did the giants beat you up, hagrid?' asked hermione quietly
'giants?' said hagrid, catching the steak before it reached his belt and slapping it back over his face, 'who said anythin' abou' giants? who yeh bin talkin' to? who's told yeh what i've - who's said i've bin - eh?' 'we guessed,' said hermione apologetically
'didn't you know?' hermione asked him, wide-eyed
' 'you were expelled!' tell us about your summer and i'll tell you about mine
' 'you knew where you were going?' harry repeated
'is it a secret, where they are?' 'not really,' said hagrid, shaking his shaggy head
'i've been there on holiday, did you see - ?' she fell silent at the look on ron's face
' 'just like that?' said ron, looking awestruck
' 'and you just walked up to him?' said hermione breathlessly
' 'and what did karkus say?' asked harry eagerly
'so, how come it's taken you so long to get home if you were only there for three days?' asked hermione
' 'what d'you mean?' 'i mean we soon found out he didn' object ter all wizards - 'just us
' 'you went to speak to him?' asked ron incredulously
'so, how come it's taken you so long to get home if you were only there for three days?' asked hermione
' 'what d'you mean?' 'i mean we soon found out he didn' object ter all wizards - 'just us
'it's her!' ron whispered
inspectin' people, is she?' 'yeah,' said harry, pulling off the cloak
what sort of thing are you planning to do with us in class, hagrid?' asked hermione
'so what happened to your face, then?' demanded malfoy
'what's eating it?' thestrals,' said hagrid proudly and hermione gave a soft 'oh!' of comprehension at harry's shoulder
'righ', now, who can tell me why some o' yeh can see 'em an' some can't?' hermione raised her hand
'glad yeh found the place all righ'! well, as you can see - or, i dunno - can you? we're doin' thestrals today - ' 'i'm sorry?' said professor umbridge loudly, cupping her hand around her ear and frowning
'what did you say?' hagrid looked a little confused
'no - come on!' said hagrid, looking a little anxious now
' 'do you?' harry asked her quietly
these are nice, did you put them up?' 'no,' said harry, 'it was dobby the house-elf
' 'replaced me?' said harry blankly
'what kept you?' he asked, as harry sank into the armchair next to hermione's
'are you all right, harry?' hermione asked, peering at him over the tip of her quill
'what's up?' said ron, hoisting himself up on his elbow to get a clearer view of harry
'how was it?' harry considered for a moment
'harry! harry!' he opened his eyes
'everard?' he said sharply
' 'but mr weasley could be anywhere!' said harry
'dumbledore!' 'what news?' said dumbledore at once
'phineas! phineas! phineas!' he could not pretend any longer; he gave a theatrical jerk and opened his eyes wide
'sirius, can you lend us cloaks or anything?' 'hang on, you can't go tearing off to st mungo's!' said sirius
those muggle nutters that cut people up? nah, they're healers
'i'm here to see broderick bode!' he wheezed
'hello!' he called, throwing the prophet aside
just think of it, muggles in st mungo's! i wonder which ward they're in?' and he looked eagerly around as though hoping to see a signpost
'a massive one? you saw it the night he returned, didn't you?' that's enough,' said mrs weasley crossly
what's he after, apart from followers? stuff he can only get by stealth
how had he become a snake? perhaps he was an animagus
'fine, go then!' harry bellowed at the empty frame
so, do you think i'm being possessed, then?' 'well, can you remember everything you've been doing?' ginny asked
' 'it's harry!' said george, pointing at the back of the picture, 'says so on the back!' 'good likeness,' said fred, grinning
'urgh!' harry peered inside
'well, everyone had a good day? what did you all get for christmas? oh, harry - this is absolutely wonderful!' for he had just opened harry's gift of fuse-wire and screwdrivers
'i expect you'd like my autograph, would you?' 'hasn't changed much, has he?' harry muttered to ginny, who grinned
'see, not forgotten, are you? and your son's sent an owl to say he's visiting tonight, so that's nice, isn't it?' agnes gave several loud barks
'it's us, neville!' said ron brightly, getting to his feet
) 'is that your dad down the end, neville?' 'what's this?' said mrs longbottom sharply
well, you've got a funny way of showing it!' said mrs longbottom
'look, i didn't learn joined-up writing for nothing, you know!'
sorry, mrs weasley, what did you say?' 'professor snape, dear
you understand?' 'yes,' said harry
'no!' harry yelled, vaulting over the table and trying to get in between them
'harry - get - out - of - it!' snarled sirius, pushing him aside with his free hand
' 'yes, isn't it?' said mrs weasley, leading her husband forward to a chair
there's another hogsmeade trip next month, did you see the notice?' 'what? oh, no, i haven't checked the noticeboard since i got back
'well, i suppose you want to - ?' 'only if you do,' she said eagerly
'er - d'you want to come into hogsmeade with me on valentine s day?' 'oooh, yes!' she said, blushing crimson and beaming at him
'i don't like it much, but it's been useful, hasn't it? i mean
'how come i saw through the snake's eyes if it's voldemort's thoughts i'm sharing?' 'do not say the dark lord's name!' spat snape
' 'and vol - he - realised i was there?' 'it seems so,' said snape coolly
'sir?' he added hurriedly
to whom did the dog belong?' 'my aunt marge,' harry muttered, hating snape
let go of his anger? he could as easily detach his legs
it must have been that one, it's too much of a coincidence!' 'how come sturgis was trying to break in when he's on our side?' said ron
two galleons each, watch fred, now!' fred swept the hat on to his head, beaming
'sorry - i mean - you're on probation?' he whispered
'if they do, we're not going to hear about it, are we?' said harry angrily
"you try it some time - snape: trying to get inside your head - it's not a bundle of laughs, you know!' 'maybe
do you think you could meet me in the three broomsticks around midday?' 'well
they stared at each other for a moment, then harry said, 'well - er - shall we go, then?' 'oh - yes
' 'oh, i saw you there, too, remember? we were on the same campsite
'potter and chang!' screeched pansy, to a chorus of snide giggles
'cute, isn't it?' said cho happily
'wha' injuries?' 'all those!' said harry, pointing at hagrid's face
'what are you up to?' harry asked, sitting down and staring from rita to luna to hermione
'i suppose i'm allowed to talk to him, am i?' she shot at hermione
'find someone who cares, why don't you?' they've run plenty of horrible stories about harry this year without my help,' said rita, shooting a sideways look at him over the top of her glass and adding in a rough whisper, 'how has that made you feel, harry? betrayed? distraught? misunderstood?' 'he feels angry, of course,' said hermione in a hard, clear voice
'i don't suppose i've got any choice, have i?' said rita, her voice shaking slightly
'so, how was quidditch practice?' 'it was a nightmare,' said ron in a surly voice
'well, it does!' she said impatiently
' - well, i'll save it for parties, eh?' ron dragged himself up to bed shortly after this
'what exactly are you so happy about?' harry asked her
'nooooooooo!' 'what?' yelled a voice nearby
'is it dad? is it that snake?' 'no - everyone's fine - ' gasped harry, whose forehead felt as though it were on fire
he's on the right track again 'what are you talking about?' said ron, sounding scared
' 'done what?' 'remove something
but remember what the healer told us? he was recovering
'what was it?' 'i don't know,' said harry, getting wearily to his feet
'you mean the one where my cousin tried to make me stand in the toilet?' 'no,' said snape softly
'anyway, i thought you two were all upset that trelawney had gone?' 'we are!' lavender assured her
'harry potter, you are a friend of hagrid's, are you not?' said the centaur
'what are you - what's wrong?' the elf's eyes were wide with terror and he was shaking
'is she coming?' harry asked quietly
' 'did he, did he?' said fudge appreciatively
'so you have no idea,' said fudge, in a voice positively sagging with sarcasm, 'why professor umbridge has brought you to this office? you are not aware that you have broken any school rules?' 'school rules?' said harry
now, will you tell me what happened at this meeting? what was its purpose? who was there?' but marietta would not speak; she merely shook her head again, her eyes wide and fearful
'have you not been listening, dumbledore? why do you think miss edgecombe is here?' 'oh, can she tell us about six months' worth of meetings?' said dumbledore, raising his eyebrows
'i don't think you understood the question, did you, dear? i'm asking whether you've been going to these meetings for the past six months? you have, haven't you?' again, marietta shook her head
'you organised this?' 'i did,' said dumbledore
' 'snag?' said fudge, his voice still vibrating with joy
' 'oh, really?' well - it's just that you seem to be labouring under the delusion that i am going to - what is the phrase? - come quietly
'but now?' said ron tentatively
' 'are you feeling all right?' ron asked, staring at her in disbelief
we all got away, didn't we?' said cho pleadingly
'where'd you get that?' 'nicked it,' said james casually
'how'd the exam go, snivelly?' said james
'you - wait,' he panted, staring up at james with an expression of purest loathing, 'you - wait!' 'wait for what?' said sirius coolly
'what about?' that sneak friend of hers, marietta,' said harry
'who is it, then?' asked ginny, watching him closely
'what do you think you are doing?' 'oh damn,' whispered ginny, jumping to her feet
don't want much, do they?' 'well, it's a very responsible job, isn't it?' said hermione absently
'and how are you going to get in there in the first place?' harry was ready for this question
'have you had any thoughts about what you would like to do after you leave hogwarts?' 'er - ' said harry
but did he want to be like his father any more? 'harry, don't do it, please don't do it!' hermione said in anguished tones as the bell rang at the end of the class
'was he playing with the snitch?' said lupin eagerly
' 'of course he was a bit of an idiot!' said sirius bracingly, 'we were all idiots! well - not moony so much,' he said fairly, looking at lupin
'if anyone's going to tell snape it will be me!' he said firmly
'is that kreacher coming downstairs?' 'no,' said sirius, glancing behind him
'quickly, quickly!' he heard a wheezy voice mutter right outside the office door
'about what happened to him? in case it helps madam pomfrey cure him?' 'course not, he'll recover,' said ron indifferently
he's going straight for goal! he's going to shoot - and - and - ' lee swore very loudly
please?' hagrid's nose was gently dripping blood
' 'and you stopped it?' said harry, amazed and impressed
'hagrid, would it be all right if we lit our wands?' said hermione quietly
'he's been hurting you all this time, hasn't he? that's why you've had all these injuries!' 'he don' know his own strength!' said hagrid earnestly
'see - he's my brother!' hermione simply stared at him, her mouth open
'how on earth did you gel him back without anyone noticing?' said harry
'kind of makes you wish we had norbert back, doesn't it?' he said, and she gave a very shaky laugh
'yeh'll do it, then?' said hagrid, who did not seem to have caugit what harry had just said
i'll wake 'im up, then - introduce yeh - ' 'wha- no!' said hermione, jumping up
'i got company for yeh!' hagrid shouted
'an' this is hermione, see? her-' hagrid hesitated
'we agreed, i think, what we would do if this human ever showed his face in the forest again?' ' "this human" now, am i?' said hagrid testily
' 'i won' be kept outta the fores' by a bunch o' old mules like yeh!' said hagrid loudly
'i reckon it's over, yeh know!' said hagrid, still squinting towards the stadium
'calm down!' she said feverishly
'a giant! a giant in the forest! and we're supposed to give him english lessons! always assuming, of course, we can get past the herd of murderous centaurs on the way in and out! i - don't - believe - him!' 'we haven't got to do anything yet!' harry tried to reassure her in a quiet voice, as they joined a stream of jabbering hufflepuffs heading back towards the castle
did you see the look on chang's face when ginny got the snitch right out from under her nose?' 'i suppose she cried, did she?' said harry bitterly
remember norbert? remember aragog? have we ever come off better for mixing with any of hagrid's monster mates?' 'i know, it's just that - we promised,' said hermione in a small voice
' 'do you think that's true?' hermione whispered in alarm to harry and ron
' 'what's she like, neville?' asked hermione at once
'is she strict?' 'bit like gran, really,' said neville in a subdued voice
harry saw a long-fingered white hand clutching a wand rise at the end of his own arm .
it's urgent!' 'she's not here, potter,' said madam pomfrey sadly
says he'll end by killing him!' harry found his voice was shaking, as were his knees
then ron said, 'g-get there?' 'get to the department of mysteries, so we can rescue sirius!' harry said loudly
'sirius's brother was a death eater, wasn't he? maybe he told sirius the secret of how to get the weapon!' 'yeah - and that's why dumbledore's been so keen to keep sirius locked up all the time!' said harry
i mean - don't you think you've got a bit of a - a - saving-people thing?' she said
'and what's that supposed to mean, a "saving-people thing"?' 'well
'but how are you going to get there?' again, harry ignored her
'of course now!' said harry angrily
'who's there?' he called, wondering whether it was just a mouse
'what has he come for, kreacher wonders?' 'where's sirius, kreacher?' harry demanded
' 'where's he gone? where's he gone, kreacher?' kreacher merely cackled
was it albus dumbledore? or the half-breed, hagrid? i doubt it was minerva mcgonagall, i hear she is still too ill to talk to anyone
'a month! but i need it this evening, snape! i have just found potter using my fire to communicate with a person or persons unknown!' 'really?' said snape, showing his first, faint sign of interest as he looked round at harry
'no!' shrieked hermione
no!' sobbed hermione
'weapon? weapon?' said umbridge, and her eyes seemed to pop with excitement
'is it very far in?' umbridge asked, as her robe ripped on a bramble
'er - are you sure this is the right way?' he asked her pointedly
'why are you here?' 'your forest?' said umbridge, shaking now not only with fright but also, it seemed, with indignation
'whose forest is it now, human?' bellowed bane
the grey centaur threw back his head, his back legs stamping furiously, and bellowed, 'you see, ronan? they already have the arrogance of their kind! so we were to do your dirty work, were we, human girl? we were to act as your servants, drive away your enemies like obedient hounds?' 'no!' said hermione in a horrorstruck squeak
we will not permit you to walk from here, boasting that we did your bidding!' 'we're not going to say anything like that!' harry shouted
'yes!' he whispered, moving towards them
'those ones you can't see unless you've watched someone snuff it?' 'yeah,' said harry
'don't be stupid, we can't all go!' said harry angrily
'how're we supposed to get on?' said ron faintly
'we all ready, then?' they all nodded and he saw live pairs of knees tighten beneath their robes
'come on!' he urged the others, as they hesitated
' 'fine!' harry said loudly, as his scar gave another throb
'sirius?' harry spoke again, but more quietly now that he was nearer
'what are you saying?' he said, very loudly, so that his words echoed all around the stone benches
'sirius's knife!' said harry
'you hear him? you hear him? giving instructions to the other children as though he thinks of fighting us!' 'oh, you don't know potter as i do, bellatrix,' said malfoy softly
'you dare speak his name?' whispered bellatrix
'what about my scar?' 'what?' whispered hermione more urgently behind him
'like he tried to get sturgis to steal it - and bode?' 'very good, potter, very good
'but the dark lord knows you are not unintell- 'now!' yelled harry
'accio wand!' cried hermione
'like you won't kill us all anyway, the moment i hand it over!' said harry
'ron!' croaked harry, dashing towards them
' 'let - let the others go, and i'll give it to you!' said harry desperately
are you ok? he yelled, as another spell soared inches over their heads
tb so sorry, harry, i didn'd bean do - ' 'it doesn't matter!' harry shouted
the only onehe ever feared'he hasn't gone!' harry yelled
where are they all, neville?' lupin turned away from the archway as he spoke
'and he knows!' said harry, with a mad laugh to match bellatrix's own
'you've got it, potter, and you will give it to me! accio prophecy! accio prophecy!' harry laughed again because he knew it would incense her, the pain building in his head so badly he thought his skull might burst
'what don't i know?' asked dumbledore calmly
'do you - do you think i want to - do you think i give a - i don't care what you've got to say!' harry roared
' 'so sirius deserved what he got, did he?' harry yelled
'do you see, harry? do you see the flaw in my brilliant plan now? i had fallen into the trap i had foreseen, that i had told myself i could avoid, that i must avoid
' 'who heard it?' asked harry, though he thought he knew the answer already
'he's a mate of your dad, isn't he? not scared of him, are you?' 'you think you're such a big man, potter,' said malfoy, advancing now, crabbe and goyle flanking him
'what are you doing, potter?' said snape, as coldly as ever, as he strode over to the four of them
'can't it wait until after the feast?' 'no - nick - please,' said harry, 'i really need to talk to you
'expecting what?' harry asked, as he closed the door
' 'so, you came back, didn't you?' said harry urgently
and anyway, it's not as though i'll never see mum again, is it?' 'er - isn't it?' said harry uncertainly
'but you were going out with him!' 'not any more,' said ginny resolutely
'oh, and harry dear - how are you?' 'fine,' lied harry, as she pulled him into a tight embrace
'what are they supposed to be?' he asked, pointing at the jackets
even the weather was dismal; all this chilly mist in the middle of july.
well, i hope we don't see each other again, prime minister! good night
no need to worry, no need to worry!" shouted fudge, already with one foot in the flames
"you don't say!" said the prime minister furiously
"losing who?"amelia bones
"now, wait a moment!" declared the prime minister
"what about him?" asked the prime minister
"what a pleasant surprise!"severus," she said in a strained whisper
i am not your servant!" he squeaked, avoiding snape's eye
"why is it that you do not trust me?"a hundred reasons!" she said loudly, striding out from behind the sofa to slam her glass upon the table
"where to start! where were you when the dark lord fell? why did you never make any attempt to find him when he vanished? what have you been doing all these years that you've lived in dumbledore's pocket? why did you stop the dark lord procuring the sorcerer's stone? why did you not return at once when the dark lord was reborn? where were you a few weeks ago when we battled to retrieve the prophecy for the dark lord? and why, snape, is harry potter still alive, when you have had him at your mercy for five years?"she paused, her chest rising and falling rapidly, the color high in her cheeks
"on dumbledore's ?" she began, in tones of outrage
"but what use have you been?" sneered bellatrix
"does he still, after the fiasco at the ministry?"that was not my fault!" said bellatrix, flushing
"but not by you!" said bellatrix furiously
you were facing six teenagers, were you not?"they were joined, as you very well know, by half of the order before long!" snarled bellatrix
"but why did you keep him alive?"have you not understood me? it was only dumbledore's protection that was keeping me out of azkaban! do you disagree that murdering his favorite student might have turned him against me? but there was more to it than that
there!" she said triumphantly to her sister
"you know?"certainly," said snape
that's why he's chosen draco, isn't it?" she persisted
"but he won't succeed!" sobbed narcissa
severus, will you swear it? will you make the unbreakable vow?"the unbreakable vow?"snape's expression was blank, unreadable
oh, on the dark lord's orders, of course!"snape did not look at bellatrix
"he's dead? his godfather?"yes," said dumbledore
"did you find it useful?"not really
"so that's how you thought you'd persuade me, is it? well, the answer's no, albus
i suppose we can have a drink, at least?" asked dumbledore
well, how have you been keeping, horace?" dumbledore asked
"funny how that sometimes happens, isn't it?" said slughorn
"you mustn't think i'm prejudiced!" he said
just in case, you understand me?"harry nodded
oh!"with a sudden exclamation she pointed at the clock's face
what is your dearest ambition?"to find out how airplanes stay up
harry! we didn't expect you until morning!"they shook hands, and mr. weasley dropped into the chair beside harry as mrs. weasley set a bowl of soup in front of him too
wuzzgoinon?"we didn't know you were here already!" said a loud and excited voice, and he received a sharp blow to the top of the head
"you?"not bad," said ron, pulling over a cardboard box and sitting on it
"were the muggles all right? did they treat you okay?"same as usual," said harry, as hermione perched herself on the edge of his bed, "they didn't talk to me much, but i like it better that way
"you did?" said harry, amused
it's the way she talks to me ?you'd think i was about three!"i know," said hermione, dropping her voice
well, that's not very long! i know why it's happened, of course
yes, well, your father and i were made for each other, what was the point in waiting?" said mrs. weasley
don't you get used to her if she's staying in the same house?" harry asked
tonks and sirius barely knew each other!" said ron
"i'm talking to this lot!" said ginny, outraged
she only wants me there so she doesn't have to be alone with phlegm!" said ginny crossly
i squeezed it and it ?it punched me!" she gasped
"and we were kind of right, weren't we? he wouldn't be giving you lessons if he thought you were a goner, wouldn't waste his time ?he must think you've got a chance!"that's true," said hermione
i wonder when our owl results will come?"cant be long now, it's been a month," said ron
"today? but why didn't you ?oh my god ?you should have said ?quot;she leapt to her feet
"i know i've failed everything!"what happens if we fail?" harry asked the room at large, but it was again hermione who answered
oh no!" squealed hermione
"mum, are there any more sausages?"harry looked back down at his results
what's happened to him?" "dragged off, by the look of his place
"who knows? he must've upset them somehow
"where's mine?" demanded ron at once, his eyes wide
he's not here now! so why not have a go? they might be able to find you a double cell in azkaban with your loser of a husband!" malfoy made an angry movement toward harry, but stumbled over his overlong robe
"everyone all right?" said mrs. weasley
"they'll be murdered in their beds!" she whispered
"harry, you help yourself to anything you want, all right? no charge
"a what?" said mrs. weasley warily
"that's him, isn't it?" she whispered
"turning left?" "big surprise," whispered ron
"we can!" said ron excitedly
"no?" said malfoy, and harry knew, just by his tone, that malfoy was sneering
you know fenrir greyback? he's a family friend
"get out!" hermione did not wait to be asked twice, but hurried to the door with borgin at her heels
"remember that shriveled-up arm malfoy had?"but what about when he said, 'don't forget to keep that one safe'?" asked harry for the umpteenth time
"you reckon?" said ron, now trying to scrape some dirt off his broom handle
harry?" said hermione in an anxious voice
"malfoy? he's sixteen, harry! you think you-know-who would let malfoy join?"it seems very unlikely, harry," said hermione in a repressive sort of voice
he's been branded with the dark mark."ron and hermione looked at each other
you'd better hurry!' said mr. weasley, as mrs. weasley cried, "harry, quickly!"he hurried forward and mr. and mrs. weasley helped him load his trunk onto the train
what is it?" ron demanded, as harry unrolled his
good gracious, it's getting dark already! i didn't notice that they'd lit the lamps! you'd better go and change into your robes, all of you
but what're you ??" asked neville
"who else had he invited?" he demanded
"sixteen years old and noi even fully qualified yet?"i've just said, haven't i? maybe he doesn't care if i'm qualified
who did it?" draco malfoy, said harry bitterly
"but what are you doing here, anyway?" harry asked
"why shouldn't it? harry, what happened? we've been terrified!" i'll tell you later," said harry curtly
snape said hagrid was late for the feast " you've seen snape? how come?" said ron between frenzied mouthfuls of gateau
"no!" said harry, so loudly that many heads turned in his direction
you're not taking care of magical creatures, are you?"ron shook his head
and hermione," said ron, "she's not, is she?"harry shook his head again
any enthusiasm?"that's it, though, innit?" said ron, swallowing an entire fried egg whole
i had enough of that during those occlumency lessons! why doesn't he use another guinea pig for a change? what's dumbledore playing at, anyway, letting him teach defense? did you hear him talking about the dark arts? he loves them! all that unfixed, tndestructble stuff "well," said hermione, "i thought he sounded a bit like you
who can - ?"hermione's hand was fastest once more
"it's amortentia!"it is indeed
"it makes you lucky!"the whole class seemed to sit up a little straighter
"add a clockwise stir -"no, no, the book says counterclockwise!" she snapped
how did you do that?" he whispered to harry as they left the dungeon
well, it wasn't exactly your own work, was it?" she said stiffly
"did i hear right? you've been taking orders from something someone wrote in a book, harry?"she looked alarmed and angry
"how many girls have been princes?" hermione seemed to have no answer to this
"good luck! we'll wait up, we want to hear what he teaches you!" "hope it goes okay," said ron, and the pair of them watched harry leave through the portrait hole
"ministry, is it?" said the older man, looking down at ogden
"defend himself against what, man?" said ogden, clambering back to his feet
"perhaps we could continue this discussion inside?" "inside?" "yes, mr. gaunt
"see this? see this? know what it is? know where it came from? centuries it's been in our family, that's how far back we go, and pure-blood all the way! know how much i've been offered for this, with the peverell coat of arms engraved on the stone?" "i've really no idea," said ogden, blinking as the ring sailed within an inch of his nose, "and it's quite beside the point, mr. gaunt
"slytherins!" yelled gaunt
voldemort's mother?" "it does," said dumbledore
i wonder whether you noticed?" "the muggle morfin attacked? the man on the horse?" "very good indeed," said dumbledore, beaming
she died, didn't she? wasn't voldemort brought up in an orphanage?" "yes, indeed," said dumbledore
"that ring " "yes?" said dumbledore
"but how come ? have you always had it?" "no, i acquired it very recently," said dumbledore
"and we're supposed to be practicing that aguamenti charm from flitwick! anyway, explain what? how are we going to tell him we hated his stupid subject?" "we didn't hate it!" said hermione
"if you don't open the door, we'll blast it open!" harry said, pulling out his wand
"harry!" said hermione, sounding shocked
"but none of us could fit it into our schedules!" "yeah
but wasn't that dis-honest, hermione? i mean, you're a prefect, aren't you?" "oh, be quiet," she snapped, as he smirked
"oh dear!" said slughorn, his face falling comically
"anything new?" said harry
"we were all searched when we arrived, weren't we?" "were you?" said harry, taken aback
"can you think of any way malfoy ?" "oh, drop it, harry," said ron
"it was a laugh!" said ron, upending a ketchup bottle over his sausages
"what?" said ron and hermione together
"monday evening!" he felt suddenly light and happy
"gimme that!" ron had stooped down and picked up something silver
"i no " "give it to me!" "harry, you mustn't!" shrieked hermione, as mundungus started to turn blue
"how did katie get hold of this?" "well, that's why we were arguing
"but since when has malfoy been one of the world's great thinkers?" asked harry
"but she could do magic!" said harry impatiently
mrs. cole!" she bellowed over her shoulder
"odd in what way?" asked dumbledore gently
"and nothing i say can change that?" "nothing," said dumbledore
"you mean he is a bully?" asked dumbledore
"tom? you've got a visitor
"you can't kid me! the asylum, that's where you're from, isn't it? 'professor,' yes, of course ?well, i'm not going, see? that old cat's the one who should be in the asylum
"magic?" he repeated in a whisper
"i don't want to find my own sister snogging people in public!" "this was a deserted corridor till you came butting in!" said ginny
"you can save any-thing when you're on form, it's a mental problem you've got!" "you calling me mental?" "yeah, maybe i am!" they glared at each other for a moment, then ron shook his head wearily
"cheer up, ron!" called lavender
"i know you'll be brilliant!" : ron ignored her
"and guess what? that slytherin chaser vaisey he took a bludger in the head yesterday during their practice, and he's too sore to play! and even better than that malfoy's gone off sick too!" "what?" said harry, wheeling around to stare at her
why was he now happy to let a substitute go on? was he really ill, or was he faking? "fishy, isn't it?" he said in an undertone to ron
"what are you going to do, turn us in?" demanded ron
"you spiked rons juice with lucky potion at breakfast! i'elix felicis!" "no, i didn't," said harry, turning back to face them both
"you added felix felicis to ron s juice this morning, that's why he saved everything! see! i can save goals without help, hermione!" "i never said you couldn't ron, you thought you'd been given it too!" but ron had already strode past her out of the door with his broomstick over his shoulder
"hermione?" he found her in the first unlocked classroom he tried
"he wasn't exactly hiding it, was ?" the door behind them burst open
"oops!" said lavender, and she backed out of the room, gig-gling
"oppugno!" came a shriek from the doorway
"the point is, filch is being fooled isn't he? these girls are getting stuff into the school disguised as something else! so why couldn't malfoy have brought the necklace into the school ?" "oh, harry
"come on, why not?" demanded harry
"desecrated, befouled !" "it's just a book that's been written on!" said harry, tugging it out of her grip
why did you have to bring that stupid book?" "it's not my fault she's barking mad, hermione
"fancy a gillywater?" hermione gave him a "what-did-i-tell-you?" look over her shoulder
"so have you had a good term?" "oh, it's been al l right," said luna
"slughorn's party? with you?" "yeah," said harry, "we're supposed to bring guests, so i thought you might like
"o h no, i'd love to go with you as friends!" said luna, beaming as he had never seen her beam before
"nobody's ever asked me to a party before, as a friend! is that why you dyed your eyebrow, for the party? should i dye mine too?" "no" said harry firmly, "that was a mistake
"potty asked loony to go to the part y ! potty lurves loony! potty luuuuuurves looooony!" and he zoomed away cackling and shrieking, "potty loves loony!" "nice to keep these things private," said harry
"what did you have to imitate her for?" "she laughed at my mustache!" "so did i, it was the stupidest thing i've ever seen
"cormac?" said parvati
"cormac mclaggen, you mean?" "that's right," said hermione sweetly
"are you going out with him, then?" asked parvati, wide-eyed
"wow , you like your quidditch players, don't you? first krum, then mclaggen
"shall we get going then?" "oh yes," she said happily
"did you hear, there's supposed to be a vampire coming?" "rufus scrimgeour?" asked luna
"i - what?" said harry, disconcerted
"hermione! hermione !" "harry! there you are, thank goodness! hi, luna !" "what's happened to you?" asked harry, for hermione looked distinctly disheveled, rather as though she had just fought her way out of a thicket of devil's snare
"do you really think i'd stoop that low?" -=-harry looked at her shrewdly
"remind me what other subjects you're taking, harry?" asked slughorn
"all right, i wasn't invited!" he said angrily
"i was trying to gate crash, happy?" "no, i'm not!" said filch, a statement at complete odds with the glee on his face
"who suspects me?" said malfoy angrily
so snape was offering to help him? he was definitely offering to help him?" "if you ask
"why, what does it mean?" well, you can't break an unbreakable vow
"cant you help us with these sprouts? you could just use your wand and then we'll be free too!" "no, i don't think we can do that," said fred seriously
"seriously, i do! but they're all convinced snape's in the order, aren't they?" harry said nothing
"do you remember, arthur?" "mphf?" said mr. weasley, whose head had been nodding over the satsuma he was peeling
-: "what do you mean?" ' "i've been living among my fellows, my equals," said lupin
"who's greyback?" "you haven't heard of him?" lupin's hands closed convulsively in his lap
"but you are normal!" said harry fiercely
"it's nothing to do with me!" said harry indignantly
"how old is this book, harry?" "i dunno, i've never checked
"come on, would i?" "how could she think i'd like something like that, though?" ron demanded of thin air, looking rather shocked
"oh, perce!" said mrs. weasley tearfully, reaching up to kiss him
"did you know that?" "no," said harry truthfully
' "i thought you said it didn't matter either way?" said harry, with a bitter laugh
"where does he go when he is absent from hogwarts?" "no idea," said harry
how was it at won-won's?" "i'll tell you in a minute," said harry
"and he's acting on voldemort's orders, just like i said!" "hmm
now he moved a little closer and said, "riddle came back?" "ar, he left her, and serve her right, marrying filth!" said morfin, spitting on the floor again
"good gracious, is it that time already?" said slughorn
'you sure the prince hasn't got any tips?' ron muttered to harry
'you've got a nerve, boy!' he boomed, taking the bezoar and holding it up so that the class could see it
about horcruxes?'slughorn froze
'are you going to tell me what we're doing, then?' asked ron, panting slightly
'want one? said ron thickly, holding out a box of chocolate cauldrons
'i thought you just said -?' -well, all right, i'll come down with you,' sighed ron, 'but i don't want to eat
'i can't stop thinking about her!' said ron hoarsely
'did you say romilda? harry - do you know her? can you introduce me?' harry stared at the dangling ron, whose face now looked tremendously hopeful, and fought a strong desire to laugh
'why will she be in there?' asked ron anxiously, hurrying to keep up
'maybe could ask if can have them with her?' said ron eagerly
so the poison was in the drink?" said fred quietly
"surely not?" said hermione, looking worried
"they're with me, aren they?"and what difference does that make?" asked filch obnoxiously
there you are, potter!"harry jumped to his feet in shock, his wand at the ready
"does it matter right now?"well, i'm not likely to find out, am i?" said harry, seizing his firebolt and pushing his glasses straight
is it, already?" said luna vaguely
"oh, look! the gryffindor keeper's got hold of one of the beater's bats
"i want to catch him at it!" said harry in frustration
master wants me to follow the youngest of the malfoys?" croaked kreacher
"it's all right!" said hermione kindly, hurrying forward to help her
"or are they still together?" "yes, they are but why are you so interested?" asked hermione, giving harry a sharp look
"no, i'm serious!" said ron earnestly
"how did you feel about that, sir?" asked harry hesitantly
"which job did he want, sir? what subject did he want to teach?" somehow, harry knew the answer even before dumbledore gave it
"no way!" said harry angrily
"will you let me return? will you let me share my knowledge with your students? i place myself and my talents at your disposal
"why?" said harry at once, looking up into dumbledore's face
"why did he come back? did you ever find out?" "i have ideas," said dumbledore, "but no more than that
"was he after the defense against the dark arts job again, sir? he didn't say
"at least you can apparate, though!" said ron tensely
"ah no!" said ron, staring horror-struck at the parchment
"dobby, you can sleep, all right? but has either of you found out anything?" he has-tened to ask, before hermione could intervene again
yeah, it all fits!" said harry, jumping up and starting to pace in front of the fire
"of course! malfoy must've been inside the room at the time, so she what am i talking about? he dropped the scales to tell malfoy not to corne out, because there was someone there! and there was that girl who dropped the toadspawn too! we've been walking past him all the time and not realizing it!" "he's got crabbe and goyle transforming into girls?" guffawed ron
"well, they wouldn't, would they, if he's shown them his dark mark?" said harry
"yes!" said hermione, causing both harry and ron to gag on their breakfast
"who were you expecting?" said ron, looking at her in the mirror
"a young boy?" "never you mind!" said myrtle, her small, leaky eyes fixed on ron, who was now definitely grinning
"harry?" he spun around, one-legged, and toppled over
"what re you doing here?" he said, scrambling to his feet again; why did she always have to find him lying on the floor? "i came to see dumbledore," said tonks
"that thing told its mates to eat harry and me! told them to help themselves! and now hagrid ex-pects us to go down there and cry over its horrible hairy body!" "its not just that," said hermione
try and soften slughorn up a bit then!" "fifty-seventh time lucky, you think?" said harry bitterly
"felix felicis?" he said
"wha ? yeah, of course," he said, pulling himself together
"he died?" repeated harry, shocked
"what was the werewolf's name?" said harry quickly
"all too young to apparate just yet?" said slughorh genially, "not turned seventeen yet?" they shook their heads
"harry!" cried hermione as she climbed through the portrait hole
how did it go with slughorn?" "no joy," said harry, as ron joined them
"you've never taken any!" "yeah, but i thought i had, didn't i?" said ron, as though ex-plaining the obvious
"what does it feel like?" whispered hermione
"what?" said ron and hermione together, looking aghast
but you won't tell anyone, professor? i don't want trouble for him
"never bin an area o' the forest i couldn' go before!" said hagrid, shaking his head
"not in trouble, are yeh?" said hagrid, looking up, alarmed
"did he?" said hagrid, looking both astonished and touched
comin' ter see old aragog off, though, eh? well
where is the poor creature?" "out here," said hagrid in a shaking voice
shall we proceed to the burial?" hagrid nodded and moved forward
did you know that?" "i i didn't," said slughorn in a hushed voice
"why did it have to change at midnight?" "that's the way it is," said the fat lady
"to what do i owe this very late pleasure?" "sir i've got it
"but how do you do it?" "by an act of evil the supreme act of evil
"you think he succeeded then, sir?" asked harry
"you have?" said harry eagerly
"and they could be anything?" said harry
"do you think that's why he really wanted to come back to hogwarts, sir?" said harry
are you still looking for them, sir? is that where you've been going when you've been leaving the school?" "correct," said dumbledore
"does voldemort know when a horcrux is destroyed, sir? can he feel it?" harry asked, ignoring the portraits
you can " "i know!" said harry impatiently
"he killed my mum and dad!" "you are protected, in short, by your ability to love!" said dum-bledore loudly
harry, have you any idea how few wizards could have seen what you saw in that mirror? voldemort should have known then what he was dealing with, but he did not! but he knows it now
"i'm really well!" she said happily
moaning myrtle let out a deafening scream: "murder! murder in the bathroom! murder!" the door banged open behind harry and he looked up, terrified: snape had burst into the room, his face livid
"you're quite sure of that, are you, potter?" "yes," said harry, with a touch more defiance
"do you know what i think, potter?" said snape, very quietly
"the prince only copied it out! it's not like he was advising anyone to use it! for all we know, he was making a note of something that had been used against him!" "i don't believe this," said hermione
'what did you tell her?' ' ? told her it's a hungarian horntail,' said ginny, turning a page of the newspaper idly
' 'a voice? saying what?' 'i don't know that it was saying anything,' said professor trelawney
'was it male or female?' ' ? would hazard a guess at male,' said professor trelawney
they're up to something!' said harry and his hands curled into fists as he said it
'what does dumbledore want?' hermione said at once
so you see what this means?' harry finished at a gallop
"you will not object to getting a little wet?" "no," said harry
"professor?" he said finally
"how did you know that was there?" harry asked in astonish-ment
"harry?" "i think i saw a hand in the water a human hand!" "yes, i am sure you did," said dumbledore calmly
"what is it?" asked harry quietly
"no!" "yes, i think so: only by drinking it can i empty the basin and see what lies in its depths
"how do you feel?" dumbledore shook his head, his eyes closed
"you've got to keep drinking, remember? you told me you had to keep drinking
dumbledore drank, and no sooner had he finished than he yelled, "kill me!" "this this one will!" gasped harry
'we did it! we got the horcrux!' dumbledore staggered against him
'madam rosmerta, can he come into the three broomsticks while i go up to the school and get help for him?' 'you can't go up there alone! don't you realise - haven't you seen -?' 'if you help me support him,' said harry, not listening to her, 'i think we can get him inside -' 'what has happened?' asked dumbledore
'rosmerta, what's wrong?' the - the dark mark, albus
how long had they been away? had ron, hermione and ginny's luck run out by now? was it one of them who had caused the mark to be set over the school, or was it neville, or luna, or some other member of the da? and if it was
or are you acting alone?' harry saw malfoy's pale eyes shift back to dumbledore in the greenish glare of the mark. 'no,' he said
'? 'i'm not afraid!' snarled malfoy, though he still made no move to hurt dumbledore
how did you smuggle them in here? it seems to have taken you a long time to work out how to do it
' 'why didn't you stop me, then?' malfoy demanded
'i've got to do it! he'll kill me! he'll kill my whole family!' 'i appreciate the difficulty of your position,' said dumbledore
'jokes? no, no, these are manners,' replied dumbledore
'is that you, fenrir?' asked dumbledore
'pleased to see me, dumbledore?' 'no, i cannot say that i am
'shocks you, that, does it, dumbledore? frightens you?' 'well, i cannot pretend it does not disgust me a little,' said dumbledore
you dare use my own spells against me, potter? it was i who invented them - i, the half-blood prince! and you'd turn my inventions on me, like your filthy father, would you? i don't think so
"but what happened, harry? i jus' saw them death eaters run-nin down from the castle, but what the ruddy hell was snape doin' with 'em? where's he gone - was he chasin' them?"he
dumbledore wha, harry?"he's dead
can't you fix them with a charm or something?" he asked the matron
"but dumbledore swore he was on our side!" whispered tonks
i was so stupid, harry!" said hermione in a high-pitched whisper
"but he hadn't transformed? so what does that mean? what will happen to bill?"we don't yet know," said professor mcgonagall, looking helplessly at lupin
and he was g-going to be married!"and what do you mean by zat?" said fleur suddenly and loudly
"you theenk, because of these bites, he will not love me?"no, that's not what i -"because 'e will!" said fleur, drawing herself up to her full height and throwing back her long mane of silver hair
"it would take more zan a werewolf to stop bill loving me!"well, yes, i'm sure," said mrs. weasley, "but i thought perhaps - given how - how he -"you thought i would not weesh to marry him? or per'aps, you hoped?" said fleur, her nostrils flaring
"snape! i taught him! i thought i knew him!"but before any of them could respond to this, a sharp voice spoke from high on the wall: a sallow-faced wizard with a short black fringe had just walked back into his empty canvas
"can i leave, professor?" said harry at once
is it true?" whispered the fat lady as he approached her
'd'you have to rub it in, hermione? how ttyou think feel about that now?' 'no - no - harry, i didn't mean that!' she said hastily, look-ing around to check that they were not being overheard
what d'you reckon, harry?' 'i'm not coming back even if it does reopen,' said harry
what is it?"elm, my lord," whispered malfoy
"at the first chance!"you shall have it," said voldemort
what were the biggest surprises she uncovered, i ask?"now, come off it
i want a word!"harry strolled downstairs, his hands deep in his pants pockets
"the house?" repeated harry
"what house?"this house!" shrieked uncle vernon, the vein his forehead starting to pulse
"our house! house prices are skyrocketing around here! you want us out of the way and then you're going to do a bit of hocus pocus and before we know it the deeds will be in your name and c "are you out of your mind?" demanded harry
"a plot to get this house? are you actually as stupid as you look?"don't you dare c!" squealed aunt petunia, but again vernon waved her down
finally uncle vernon blurted out, "but what about my work? what about dudley's school? i don't suppose those things matter to a bunch of layabout wizards c "don't you understand?" shouted harry
you know how to drive, i take it?" he asked uncle vernon politely
don't these people realize what you've been through? what danger you are in? the unique position you hold in the hearts of the anti voldemort movement?"er c no, they don't," said harry
"but he hasn't said thank you at all!" said hestia indignantly
don't you want to remember all the good times? i mean, look at this doormat
"can't you even tell us apart when we're harry?"sorry, george c "i'm only yanking your wand, i'm fred really c "enough messing around!" snarled moody
which leaves you and me, ron!" said tonks brightly, knocking over a mug tree as she waved at him
that all righ'?" said hagrid, looking a little anxious
"hagrid, turn around!"my job's ter get you there safe, harry!" bellow hagrid, and he opened the throttle
we're nearly there, harry, we've nearly made it!" shouted hagrid
"death eaters, loads of them c we were chased c "death eaters?" said ted sharply
"blimey, harry, how did yeh get out o' that? i thought we were both goners
mum!" shouted ginny pointing to a spot several feet away
oi!" said hagrid indignantly, "le' go of him! le' go of harry!"lupin ignored him
"answer me!"a c a grindylow in a tank, wasn't it?"lupin released harry and fell back against a kitchen cupboard
"so why aren' you checkin' me?" panted hagrid, still struggling with the door
"voldemort caught up with you?" said lupin sharply
you know, the bloke who was the conductor on the knight bus? and i tried to disarm him instead of c well, he doesn't know what he's doing, does he? he must be imperiused!"lupin looked aghast
what happened to you?" lupin asked kingsley
where was ron? where were fred and mr. weasley? where were bill, fleur, tonks, mad-eye, and mundungus?"harry, give us a hand!" called hagrid hoarsely from the door, in which he was stuck again
how do you feel, georgie?" whispered mrs. weasley
holey, fred, geddit?"mrs. weasley sobbed harder than ever
what's wrong?" said fred, scanning their faces as they entered, "what's happened? who's c?"mad-eye," said mr. weasley, "dead
you think i'm a fool?" demanded harry
"where are you going?" said tonks and fleur together
"blimey, harry, after all we wen' through ter get you here?"yeah, what about my bleeding ear?" said george, hoisting himself up on his cushions
"you lied to lord voldemort, ollivander!"i did not
are you all right?" hermione asked, close enough now to look into harry's face
"what sort of 'stuff'?"i'm sorry, i can't c "well, frankly, i think arthur and i have a right to know, and i'm sure mr. and mrs. granger would agree!" said mrs. weasley
and then what does she think's going to happen?" harry muttered
"why does my room have to be cleaned out? harry and i are fine with it the way it is!"we are holding your brother's wedding here in a few days' time, young man c "and are they getting married in my bedroom?" asked ron furiously
of course we don't want him to be dead!" said hermione, looking shocked
will we need to translate runes? it's possible
c are you sure you've thought this through?" harry persisted
"and once we get hold of it, how do you destroy a horcrux?" asked ron
"isn't there any way of putting yourself back together?" ron asked
"what, stabbing it with a basilisk fang?" asked harry
"you reckon you were seeing into his mind again?"ron sounded worried
"a book?" said harry as he took the rectangular parcel
he was shorter than ron, thickset, with a number of burns and scratches up his muscled arms."hi, hagrid, how's it going?"bin meanin' ter write fer ages
"is there such a place?" he demanded of mr. weasley
a surprise, apparently! you were not aware then that dumbledore had left you anything?"a-all of us?" said ron, "me and hermione too?"yes, all of c"but harry interrupted
why has it taken this long to give us what he left us?"isn't it obvious?" said hermione, before scrimgeour could answer
so why have you decided to let us have our things now? can't think of a pretext to keep them?"no, it'll be because thirty-one days are up," said hermione at once
right?"would you say you were close to dumbledore, ronald?" asked scrimgeour, ignoring hermione
but why that particular book?"i don't know
that's all, then, is it?" asked hermione, making to raise herself off the sofa
so where is it?" harry asked suspiciously
"why do you think c?" cdumbledore wanted to give me the sword?" said harry, struggling to keep his temper
"this is not a joke, potter!" growled scrimgeour
oi!" said ron, jumping up and raising his own wand, but harry said, "no! d'you want to give him an excuse to arrest us?"remembered you're not at school, have you?" said scrimgeour breathing hard into harry's face
after a minute or so she called, "he's gone!"what did he want?" mr. weasley asked, looking around at harry, ron, and hermione as mrs. weasley came hurrying back to them
writing! there's writing on it, quick, look!" he nearly dropped the snitch in surprise and excitement
why did he want harry to have the sword?"and why couldn't he just have told me?" harry said quietly
was there something he had missed in the long talks with dumbledore last year? ought he to know what it all meant? had dumbledore expected him to understand?"and as for this book
i've never even heard of them!"you've never heard of the tales of beedle the bard?" said ron incredulously
"what was the last one?"come off it!" said ron, looking in disbelief from harry to hermione
so these are children's stories?" asked hermione, bending against over the runes
how did you know -?"oh, just your expression," she said
"another weasley? you breed like gnomes
"you look great!"always the tone of surprise," said hermione, though she smiled
she said, 'oh dear, is this the muggle-born?' and then, 'bad posture and skinny ankles
"sign?" said harry, looking over at xenophilius too
he's a wandmaker!"i know that," said krum
how do you know gregorovitch made my wand?"
i don't know whether you saw, mr. doge -?"oh, please call me elphias, dear boy
rita skeeter? oh, i love her, always read her!"harry and doge looked up to see auntie muriel standing there, the plumes dancing on her hair, a goblet of champagne in her hand
"who said his sister was a squib? i thought she was ill?"thought wrong, then, didn't you, barry!" said auntie muriel, looking delighted at the effect she had produced
"a mother kill her own daughter? think what you're saying!"if the mother in question was capable of imprisoning her daughter for years on end, why not?" shrugged auntie muriel
"when did you do all this?" harry asked as ron stripped off his robes
"can you do that talking patronus thing, then?" asked ron
what are we going to do with them?" ron whispered to harry through the dark; then, even more quietly, "kill them? they'd kill us
"why?"don't you think they might wonder what's happened if they wake up and find themselves in a place that looks like it's just been bombed?"oh right, yeah
"but how did they find us?" hermione asked, looking from one inert man to the other
you c you don't think you've still got your trace on you, do you, harry?"he can't have," said ron
don't be silly, harry, snape can get in there!"ron's dad said they've put up jinxes against him c and even if they haven't worked," he pressed on as hermione began to argue "so what? i swear, i'd like nothing better than to meet snape!"but c "hermione, where else is there? it's the best chance we've got
what did you see?" ron asked, advancing on harry
"what else? didn't you see anything? was he cursing someone?"no, i just felt anger c i couldn't tell c "harry felt badgered, confused, and hermione did not help as she said in a frightened voice, "your scar, again? but what's going on? i thought that connection had closed!"it did, for a while," muttered harry; his scar was still painful, which made it hard to concentrate
could we use the sleeping bags i've brought and camp in here tonight?"he heard ron agree
we woke up and didn't know where you were!" she said breathlessly
"what have you been doing?"look what i've just found"he held out his mother's letter
what? that was sirius's brother, wasn't it? regulus arcturus
how are we supposed to find it then?" asked ron
"what?" said harry and ron together
"gone?" echoed harry, elation floating out of him, "what do you mean, it's gone?"the elf shivered
harry, let him up!" hermione whispered
and he made you drink the poison?" said harry, disgusted
"reckon they know we're in here?"i don't think so," said hermione, though she looked frightened, "or they'd have sent snape in after us, wouldn't they?"d'you reckon he's been in here and has his tongue tied by moody's curse?" asked ron
"but how are they supposed to have 'stolen' magic?" said ron
remus, remus, come back!" hermione cried, but lupin did not respond
harry!" wailed hermione
no c no c we mustn't fight!" said hermione, launching herself between them
"what did you do with it?"why?" asked mundungus
sorry?" said ron, but harry understood
"so, harry, what else happened today?"nothing," said harry
"he no live here! he no live here! i know him not!"abandoning the attempt to close the door, she began to back away down the dark hall, and harry followed, gliding toward her, and his long-fingered hand had drawn his wand
what d'you think i was doing?" asked harry with feeble bravado
"who?"he's a foreign wandmaker," said harry
"eh? oh, no thanks c "i insist!" said hermione aggressively, shaking the bag of pastilles in his face
oh dear!" she said, as he splattered the alley with sick
"perhaps you'd better take the day off!"no c no!" he choked and retched, trying to continue on his way despite being unable to walk straight
"blooming pain in the bum, this, eh? forcing us all to get to work this way! who are they expecting to turn up, harry potter?"the wizard roared with laughter at his own wit
we have to flush ourselves in?" he whispered
you got in all right, then?" hermione whispered to harry
already given her up as a bad job, have you? probably wise
do you understand me?"yes," whispered ron
what brings you here, runcorn?" asked the new minister of magic
"isn't your wife in for questioning today? er c what's happened to you? why are you so wet?"yaxley's office is raining," said ron
"you tracked down the wizard who faked his family tree, didn't you?"i c so what if i did?" said harry
harry, if we're trapped here c!"we won't be if we move fast," said harry
hey c what's going on? what is this?"seal the exit! seal it!"yaxley had burst out of another lift and was running toward the group beside the fireplaces, into which all of the muggle-borns but mrs. cattermole had now vanished
"how did he get hurt? i mean" c harry shook his head, trying to clear it, to make sense of whatever had just taken place c "why are we here? i thought we were going back to grimmauld place?"hermione took a deep breath
how d'you feel?" hermione whispered
"where are we?"in the woods where they held the quidditch world cup," said hermione
had it been legilimency? did voldemort or his henchmen know, even now, where hermione had taken them?"d'you reckon we should move on?" ron asked harry, and harry could tell by the look on ron's face that he was thinking the same
so, have you got it?" harry asked her, partly to remind her that he was there
can you feel it, though?" ron asked in a hushed voice, as he held it tight in his clenched fist
i have it not, i have it no more! it was, many years ago, stolen from me!"do not lie to lord voldemort, gregorovitch
who was the thief, gregorovitch?" said the high cold voice
fine," retorted hermione, "you-know-who's mind, then!"i didn't mean it to happen!" harry said
it's weird, isn't it?"harry closed his eyes, thinking of all that he had seen and heard
"harry, what happened? why do you think you couldn't make your patronus? you managed perfectly yesterday!"i don't know
"and what's that supposed to c?"of course!" cried hermione, clapping a hand to her forehead and startling both of them into silence
i'm telling you, if there was one place vol c "oi!"you-know-who, then!" harry shouted, goaded past endurance
"his school?"yeah, his school! it was his first real home, the place that meant he was special: it meant everything to him, and even after he left c "this is you-know-who we're talking about, right? not you?" inquired ron
what? what did you see?" demanded ron, whenever he noticed harry wince
harry caught the fish and i did my best with it! i notice i'm always the one who ends up sorting out the food, because i'm a girl, i suppose!"no, it's because you're supposed to be the best at magic!" shot back ron
"shut up now!"hermione looked outraged
goblins! hermione mouthed at harry, who nodded
what happened to ginny and all the others? the ones who tried to steal it?"oh, they were punished, and cruelly," said griphook indifferently
what c how dare c what are you c?"i'm very sorry, professor black," said hermione, "but it's a necessary precaution!"remove this foul addition at once! remove it, i say! you are ruining a great work of art! where am i? what is going on?"never mind where we are," said harry, and phineas nigellus froze, abandoning his attempts to peel off the painted blindfold
dumbledore! can't you bring us dumbledore?"i beg your pardon?" asked phineas nigellus
wait! have you told snape you saw this?"phineas nigellus stuck his blindfolded head back into the picture
why hadn't dumbledore told him? or had he, in fact, told harry, but harry had not realized it at the time?"think!" whispered hermione
problem? there's no problem," said ron, still refusing to look at harry
"i don't know?" repeated harry
"did you think we'd be staying in five-star hotels? finding a horcrux every other day? did you think you'd be back to mummy by christmas?"we thought you knew what you were doing!" shouted ron, standing up, and his words harry like scalding knives
"d'you think i haven't noticed the two of you whispering behind my back? d'you think i didn't guess you were thinking this stuff?"harry, we weren't c "don't lie!" ron hurled at her
he's g-g-gone! disapparated!"she threw herself into a chair, curled up, and started to cry
"isn't it the same symbol luna's dad was wearing round his neck?"well, that's what i thought too!"then it's grindelwald's mark
yeah, he might have done! so, are we going to go to godric's hollow?"yes, but we'll have to think it through carefully, harry
is it?"he had lost track of the date; they had not seen a newspaper for weeks
are you sure he never mentioned c?" hermione began
here!" cried hermione again a few moments later from out of the darkness
"what's wrong?"they had only just reached the grave of the unknown abbott
why did you ask us to come with you, mrs. c miss c bagshot?" asked hermione, raising her own voice
have you got anything for me?" he repeated
have you got anything for me?" he asked for a third time, much louder
not harry, not harry, please not harry!"stand aside, you silly girl
"not harry, please no, take me, kill me instead c"this is my last warning c"not harry! please
"the snake was inside her?"he opened his eyes again
where's my wand?"she did not answer, she merely looked at him
where's my wand, hermione?"she was biting her lip, and tears swam in her eyes
"where's my wand?"she reached down beside the bed and held it out to him
do you mind if i talk to you?"no," he said because he did not want to hurt her feelings
where c how c?"it was in bathilda's sitting room, just lying there
"look what he asked from me, hermione! risk your life, harry! and again! and again! and don't expect me to explain everything, just trust me blindly, trust that i know what i'm doing, trust me even though i don't trust you! never the whole truth! never!"his voice cracked with the strain, and they stood looking at each other in the whiteness and emptiness, and harry felt they were as insignificant as insects beneath that wide sky
harry dropped his arms."i don't know who he loved, hermione, but it was never me
anything there?" ron asked
why return? we were better without you, happier without you, glad of your absence
"who could look at you, who would ever look at you, beside harry potter? what have you ever done, compared with the chosen one? what are you, compared with the boy who lived?"ron, stab it, stab it!" harry yelled, but ron did not move
hermione!"she stirred, then sat up quickly, pushing her hair out of her face
ouch c ow c gerroff! what the c? hermione c ow!"you c complete c arse c ronald c weasley!"she punctuated every word with a blow: ron backed away, shielding his head as hermione advanced
"don't you dare! give it back now! and you!"she was pointing at ron in dire accusation: it was like a malediction, and harry could not blame ron for retreating several steps
you came back after weeks c weeks c and you think it's all going to be all right if you just say sorry?"well, what else can i say?" ron shouted, and harry was glad that ron was fighting back
"and they believed that?"they weren't the brightest
"how exactly did you find us tonight? that's important
you heard me on the radio?" she asked incredulously
"sorry?" said harry, sure he had not heard correctly
"couldn't you see who was casting it? didn't you see anyone? and it led you to the sword! i can't believe this! then what happened?"ron explained how he had watched harry jump into the pool, and had waited for him to resurface; how he had realized that something was wrong, dived in, and saved harry, then returned for the sword
the what?"you and hermione have stopped saying you-know-who's name!"oh, yeah, well, it's just a bad habit we've slipped into," said harry
"you don't reckon kingsley could have sent that doe?"his patronus is a lynx, we saw it at the wedding, remember?"oh yeah
"same reason he didn't give it to you while he was alive? same reason he left you an old snitch and hermione a book of kid's stories?"which is what?" asked harry, turning to look ron full in the face desperate for the answer
"look at the signature, harry!"he obeyed
"only, once we've seen lovegood, let's try and look for some more horcruxes, shall we? where do the lovegood's live, anyway? do either of you know?"yeah, they're not far from my place," said ron
i wasn't at the burrow!" said ron with an incredulous laugh
"but where have you been, then?" asked hermione, surprised
"that's got to be luna's house, who else would live in a place like that? it looks like a giant rook!"it's nothing like a bird," said hermione, frowning at the tower
what? what is it? who are you? what do you want?" he cried in a high-pitched, querulous voice, looking first at hermione, then at ron, and finally at harry, upon which his mouth fell open in a perfect, comical o
now," he said, turning to harry, "why exactly have you come here, mr. potter?"we need some help," said harry, before hermione could start again
are you referring to the sign of the deathly hallows?"
"you haven't heard of them? i'm not surprised
"'and death spoke to them c'"sorry," interjected harry, "but death spoke to them?"it's a fairy tale, harry!"right, sorry
alas, who knows?" said xenophilius, as he gazed out of the window
"who knows where the elder wand lies hidden? the trail goes cold with arcus and livius
who can say which of them really defeated loxias, and which took the wand? and who can say who may have defeated them? history, alas, does not tell us
"the sign of the death hallows on ignotus's grave is conclusive proof!"of what?" asked ron
you will stay for dinner?" he called, as he vanished downstairs again
"what are you talking about?"one of those superstitions, isn't it? 'may-born witches will marry muggles
harry, what are you doing? i don't think you should look around when he's not here!" but harry had already reached the next level
"deprimo!"she had blasted a hole in the sitting room floor
didn't i say it was a frumpent horn, didn't i tell him? and now his house has been blown apart!"serves him right," said ron, examining his torn jeans and the cuts to his legs, "what'd you reckon they'll do to him?"oh i hope they don't kill him!" groaned hermione, "that's why i wanted the death eaters to get a glimpse of harry before we left, so they knew xenophilius hadn't been lying!"why hide me though?" asked ron
what about luna?"well, if they're telling the truth and she's still alive c" began ron
don't say that, don't say it!" squealed hermione
oh, why did we go there?" groaned hermione after a few minutes' silence
"but they weren't really back from the dead, were they?" said hermione
but the second brother still got to see her and talk to her, didn't he? he even lived with her for a while
"extinct in the male line?" repeated ron
you reckon it was this sign again? the sign of the hallows?"why not?" said harry excitedly, "marvolo gaunt was an ignorant old git who lived like a pig, all he cared about was his ancestry
"what if it was the resurrection stone?"ron's mouth fell open
you don't believe in this, do you?"harry looked up, ron hesitated
but what was the close? why couldn't he have the stone now? if only he had the stone, he could ask dumbledore these questions in person
they said on potterwatch c"on what?" said harry
evening, boys!"hi."evening, river
at least he's still alive!" muttered ron
good, eh?" said ron happily
come out of there with your hands up!" came a rasping voice through the darkness
"and you decided to go camping? and you thought, just for a laugh, you'd use the dark lords name?"nod a laugh," said ron
anyone still got a wand?"no." said ron and hermione from either side of him
i'm sorry c "harry?"it was a new, but familiar voice
so you aren't wanted, then, vernon? or are you on that list under a different name? what house were you in at hogwarts?"slytherin," said harry automatically
who's your father?"he works at the ministry," harry lied
don't touch it! harry yelled; he could not stop himself, he thought he might be sick from the pain of it
i found glasses!" yelped one of the snatchers skulking in the background
to the ministry?"to hell with the ministry
"state your purpose!"we've got potter!" greyback roared triumphantly
well, boy?" rasped the werewolf
but look at him carefully, look! come closer!"harry had never heard lucius malfoy so excited
of course not, of course not!" said lucius impatiently
remember what he did to rowle and dolohov?"what about the mudblood, then?" growled greyback
what is this? what's happened, cissy?"bellatrix lestrange walked slowly around the prisoners, and stopped on harry's right, staring at hermione through her heavily lidded eyes, "but surely," she said quietly, "this is the mudblood girl? this is grander?"yes, yes, it's granger!" cried lucius, "and beside her, we think, potter! potter and his friends, caught at last!"potter?" shrieked bellatrix, and she backed away, the better to take in harry
how dare you?" he snarled, his mouth the only thing that could move as he was forced to gaze up at her
"release me, woman!"where did you find this sword?" she repeated, brandishing it in his face, "snape sent it to my vault in gringotts!"it was in their tent," rasped greyback
the prisoners must be placed in the cellar, while i think what to do!"this is my house, bella, you don't give orders in my c "do it! you have no idea of the danger we're in!" shrieked bellatrix
"i'd say i'll get a bite or two, wouldn't you, ginger?"harry could feel ron shaking
ron, please stay still!" luna whispered
"hello, dean!"from above came bellatrix's voice
you're lying, filthy mudblood, and i know it! you have been inside my vault at gringotts! tell the truth, tell the truth!"another terrible scream c"hermione!"what else did you take? what else have you got? tell me the truth or, i swear, i shall run you through with this knife!"there!"harry felt the ropes fall away and turned, rubbing his wrists, to see ron running around the cellar, looking up at the low ceiling, searching for a trapdoor
"we're in the cellar of malfoy manor, help us!"the eye blinked and was gone
"shell cottage on the outskirts of tinworth!"the elf nodded for a third time
voldemort, i welcome death! but my death will not bring you what you seek
go!" harry beseeched to luna and dean
draco c no, call wormtail! make him go and check!"footsteps crossed the room overhead, then there was silence
well?" bellatrix said to griphook
"are you sure?" panted bellatrix
stop or she dies!"panting, harry peered around the edge of the sofa
"you! you dropped the chandelier c?"the tiny elf trotted into the room, his shaking finger pointing at his old mistress
"how dare you take a witch's wand, how dare you defy your masters?"dobby has no master!" squealed the elf
"how are they protected?" asked harry
who do you want to talk to first?"harry hesitated
"in what way?" asked harry, rubbing his scar absently
"well, i take it you're not sorry?" said harry a little impatiently
what do you seek within the lestranges' vault?" he asked abruptly
"but the fake sword isn't the only thing in that vault, is it?" asked harry
"can you c?"no," whispered ollivander
can you identify these?" harry asked
"was?" repeated harry
"a person can still use a wand that hasn't chosen them, though?" asked harry
necessary? no, i should not say that it is necessary to kill
you c you really think this wand exists, then, mr. ollivander?" asked hermione
what do you know about the deathly hallows?"the c the what?" asked the wandmaker, looking utterly bewildered
"dumbledore had the elder wand?" said ron
"harry, let's go and get it before he does!"it's too late for that," said harry
"how long have you known this c why have we been wasting time? why did you talk to griphook first? we could have gone c we could still go c "no," said harry, and he sank to his knees in the grass
the eye harry saw in the mirror c"harry admits he could have imagined the eye! don't you, harry?"i could have," said harry without looking at her
"what d'you mean, 'gone on'?" asked ron, but before harry could say any more, a voice behind them said, "'arry?"fleur had come out of the cottage, her long silver hair flying in the breeze
"wizarding arrogance again! that sword was ragnuk the first's, taken from him by godric gryffindor! it is a c, a masterpiece of goblinwork! it belongs with the gobl c
"ron, he'd know the difference better than we would!" said hermione
how do we know the goblin version of history's right?"does it make a difference?" asked hermione
you'll be godfather?" he said as he released harry
m-me?" stammered harry
to teddy remus lupin," said lupin, "a great wizard in the making!"'oo does 'e look like?" fleur inquired
how did it offend you?"it does not matter, it will not do so again," said hermione coolly
they know!" whispered griphook in harry's ear, "they must have been warned there might be an imposter!"your wand will do, madam," said the goblin
"lead the way, griphook!"how are we going to get out again?" ron asked as they hurried on foot into the darkness after the goblin, bogrod panting in their wake like an old dog
no matter, bogrod will be able to release us!" said griphook as ron gave a shout of surprise
harry, could this be c? aargh!"hermione screamed in pain, and harry turned his wand on her in time to see a jeweled goblet tumbling from her grip
what do you reckon it's looking for?" ron yelled as they flew farther and farther north
what'll happen to it, do you think?" she asked, "will it be alright?"you sound like hagrid," said ron, "it's a dragon, hermione, it can look after itself
what did you say to me?" his voice was high and cold, but fury and fear burned inside him
"disapparate now!"great idea," said ron, but before harry could reply, a death eater shouted, "we know you are here, potter, and there's no getting away! we'll find you!"they were ready for us," whispered harry
so what?" he was bellowing into one of the hooded faces
"so what? you send dementors down my street, i'll send a patronus back at'em! i'm not having'em near me, i've told you that
it was potter's!"stag!" roared the barman, and he pulled out a wand
"someone was out on the streets against regulations c "if i want to put my cat out, i will, and be damned to your curfew!"you set off the caterwauling charm?"what if i did? going to cart me off to azkaban? kill me for sticking my nose out my own front door? do it, then, if you want to! but i hope for your sakes you haven't pressed your little dark marks, and summoned him
he's not going to like being called here, for me and my old cat, is he, now?"don't worry about us
said one of the death eaters, "worry about yourself, breaking curfew!"and where will you lot traffic potions and poisons when my pub's closed down? what will happen to your little sidelines then?"are you threatening c?"i keep my mouth shut, it's why you come here, isn't it?"i still say i saw a stag patronus!" shouted the first death eater
"it's a goat, idiot!"all right, we made a mistake," said the second death eater
the silver doe," he said excitedly, "was that you too?"what are you talking about?" asked aberforth
oh, don't i?" said aberforth quietly
"what do you mean?" asked hermione breathlessly
but that's a really serious thing to say!" said hermione
i beg your pardon?" said aberforth
why didn't he tell him to hide, then?" shot back aberforth
well, that's your lookout, isn't it? you say you're prepared to die
"do you know about the carrows?"those two death eaters who teach here?"they do more than teach," said neville
"you used to?" said harry, who had noticed the past tense
"they what?" said harry, ron, and hermione together
"and the carrows can't get in?" asked harry, looking around for the door
what were you after?" asked seamus eagerly
are you all right, harry?" neville was saying
"what's the plan?"plan?" repeated harry
why can't you tell us? it's something to do with fighting you-know-who, right?"well, yeah c "then we'll help you
"why?" asked neville
"oh, it's great to be back!"luna," said harry distractedly, "what are you doing here? how did you c?"i sent for her," said neville, holding up the fake galleon
"isn't it, harry? we're going to fight them out of hogwarts?"listen," said harry with a rising sense of panic, "i'm sorry, but that's not what we came back for
i told you about it, remember, harry? the lost diadem of ravenclaw? daddy's trying to duplicate it
how do we get out?" harry asked neville
from the other side, harry heard the soft, musical voice that issued from the eagle door knocker: "where do vanished objects go?"i dunno, do i? shut it!" snarled an uncouth voice that harry knew was that of the carrow brother , amycus, "alecto? alecto? are you there? have you got him? open the door!"the ravenclaws were whispering amongst themselves, terrified
alecto! if he comes, and we haven't got potter c d'you want to go the same way as the malfoys? answer me!" amycus bellowed, shaking the door for all he was worth, but still it did not open
may i ask what you are doing, professor carrow?"trying c to get c through this damned c door!" shouted amycus
"she ain't answering, you old besom! you open it! darn! do it, now!"certainly, if you wish it," said professor mcgonagall, with awful coldness, there was a genteel tap of the knocker and the musical voice asked again
she halted, raised her wand ready to duel, and said, "who's there?"it is i," said a low voice
where are the carrows?" he asked quietly
have you seen harry potter, minerva? because if you have
"what a to-do! i'm not at all sure whether this is wise, minerva
"minerva!" he said, aghast
"now go and do something constructive! find peeves!"p-peeves?" stammered filch as though he had never heard the name before
yes, peeves, you fool, peeves! haven't you been complaining about him for a quarter of a century? go and fetch him, at once
wh c?"as the room came into view, harry slipped down a few stairs in shock
you're underage!" mrs. weasley shouted at her daughter as harry approached "i won't permit it! the boys, yes, but you, you've got to go home!"i won't!"ginny's hair flew as she pulled her arm out of her mother's grip
"i can't go home!" ginny shouted, angry tears sparkling in her eyes
yes, i was!"well, you can't say fairer than that," said fred, holding his hand out to percy
what made you see sense, perce?" inquired george
where's ron?" asked harry, "where's hermione?"they must have gone up the great hall already," mr. weasley called over his shoulder
what about our things?" called a girl at the ravenclaw table
"our trunks, our owls?"we have no time to collect possessions
nick! nick! i need to talk to you!"he forced his way back through the tide of students, finally reaching the bottom of the stairs, where nearly headless nick, ghost of gryffindor tower, stood waiting for him
the ghost of ravenclaw tower?"that is correct
"my mother's diadem c "your mother's?"she looked angry with herself
"the baron? you mean -?"the bloody baron, yes," said the gray lady, and she lifted aside the cloak she wore to reveal a single dark wound in her white chest
"a hollow tree?" repeated harry
"you've already told someone this story, haven't you? another student?"she closed her eyes and nodded
i beg your pardon?"he hid the diadem in the castle, the night he asked dumbledore to let him teach!" said harry
good boy, grawpy!" he bellowed through the hole in the window
"going to lob them over the walls c they won't like this!"harry knew now where to go
chamber c what?" said harry, coming to an unsteady halt before them
"show him, ron!"ron made a horrible strangled hissing noise
"he was amazing!" said hermione
"amazing!"so.
let's hope he steps on some of them!" said ron as more screams echoed from close by
so how come you three aren't with voldemort?" asked harry
no!" shouted malfoy, staying crabbe's arm as the latter made to repeat his spell
"harry?" shouted ron again, from the other side of the junk wad
"what's going on?"harry?" mimicked crabbe
"the dark lord wants him alive c "so? i'm not killing him, am i?" yelled crabbe, throwing off malfoy's restraining arm
what can we do?" hermione screamed over the deafening roars of the fire
it's c too c dangerous c!" ron yelled, but harry wheeled in the air
"he's not c he's not even fighting?"he doesn't think he needs to fight," said harry
come on, harry!" said hermione's voice from a very long way away
"something happy?" he said, his voice cracked
"my lord!" snape protested, raising his wand
stop it!" shrieked petunia
then she dropped the twig, leaned in toward the boy, and said, "it is real, isn't it? it's not a joke? petunia says you're lying to me
severus?"a little smile twisted snape's mouth when she said his name
yeah?"tell me about the dementors again
tuney!" said lily, surprise and welcome in her voice, but snape had jumped to his feet
tuney!"but petunia was running away
that boy found it! you and that boy have been sneaking in my room!"no c not sneaking c " now lily was on the defensive
"freak!" she spat at her sister, and she flounced off to where her parents stood
blimey," said james, "and i thought you seemed all right!"sirius grinned
"slytherin!" cried the sorting hat
what's potter got to do with anything?" said lily
you went sneaking down that tunnel by the whomping willow, and james potter saved you from whatever's down there c "snape's whole face contorted and he spluttered, "saved? saved? you think he was playing the hero? he was saving his neck and his friends' too! you're not going to c i won't let you c "let me? let me?"lily's bright green eyes were slits
well, severus? what message does lord voldemort have for me?"no c no message c i'm here on my own account!"snape was wringing his hands
what request could a death eater make of me?"the c the prophecy
"how much did you relay to lord voldemort?"everything c everything i heard!" said snape
"is this remorse, severus?"i wish
"and what use would that be to anyone?" said dumbledore coldly
"tempted by what?" dumbledore did not answer
would you like me to do it now?" asked snape, his voice heavy with irony
why? you aren't trying to give him more detentions, severus? the boy will soon have spent more time in detention than out
"which i do on your orders!"and you do it extremely well
like a tongue on frozen steel, like flesh in flame c "souls? we were talking of minds!"in the case of harry and lord voldemort, to speak of one is to speak of the other
"tell him what?"dumbledore took a deep breath and closed his eyes
"meaning?"i have spied for you and lied for you, put myself in mortal danger for you
neville? he's got a huge snake
not?" repeated harry
"but i should have died c i didn't defend myself! i meant to let him kill me!"and that," said dumbledore, "will, i think, have made all the difference
"didn't i?"you did," said dumbledore, nodding
i thought it was the other way around! i thought we both had to die? or is it the same thing?"he was distracted by the whimpering and thumping of the agonized creature behind them and glanced back at it yet again
"good gracious, really?"well, where do you think we are?" asked harry, a little defensively
"a desperate man's dream!"but they're real!"real, and dangerous, and a lure for fools," said dumbledore
but you know, don't you? i have no secrets from you anymore
master of death, harry, master of death! was i better, ultimately, than voldemort?"of course you were," said harry
"of course c how can you ask that? you never killed if you could avoid it!"true, true," said dumbledore, and he was like a child seeking reassurance
what's wrong with that?"maybe a man in a million could unite the hallows, harry
"and where would it take me?"on," said dumbledore simply
had voldemort too collapsed? it seemed like it
he is dead!" narcissa malfoy called to the watchers
you see?" screeched voldemort over the tumult
?"hagrid could not continue, but broke down in fresh tears
so what if i am?" said neville loudly
no!" mrs. weasley cried as a few students ran forward, trying to come to her aid
the yell of shock, the cheers, the screams on every side of: "harry!"he's alive!" were stifled at once
"this isn't how he works, is it? who are you going to use as a shield today, potter?"nobody," said harry simply
you don't learn from your mistakes, riddle, do you?"you dare c "yes, i dare," said harry
is it love again?" said voldemort, his snake's face jeering
"you dare c?" said voldemort again
so it all comes down to this, doesn't it?" whispered harry
"just seen him! and guess what he's doing? snogging victoire!"he gazed up at the adults, evidently disappointed by the lack of reaction
"you are so like ron c" c and he said he'd come to see her off! and then he told me to go away
he's snogging her!" james added as though worried he had not made himself clear
