but worst of all, for harry at least, was piers calming down enough to say, "harry was talking to it, weren't you, harry?" uncle vernon waited until piers was safely out of the house before starting on harry
his heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door  harry leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat  something alive! lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncle's face
he'll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a change, an' he'll be under the greatest headmaster hogwarts ever had albus dumbled" "i am not paying for some crackpot old fool to teach him magic tricks!" yelled uncle vernon
hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, "never," he thundered, "- insult- albus- dumbledore- in- front- of- me!" he brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at dudley  there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain
i was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an' get yer letters to yeh an' stuff  one o' the reasons i was so keen ter take on the job "why aren't you supposed to do magic?" asked harry
i never know," harry called to hagrid over the noise of the cart, "what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?" "stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said hagrid
"tricky customer, eh? not to worry, we'll find the perfect match here somewhere  i wonder, now - - yes, why not  unusual combination  holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple
around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, "anything off the cart, dears?" harry, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but ron's ears went pink again and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches
"my brothers told me about you  you're nearly headless nick!" "i would prefer you to call me sir nicholas de mimsy " the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired seamus finnigan interrupted
he would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, "got your conk!" even worse than peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, argus filch
he had looked through his books at the dursleys', but did snape expect him to remember everything in one thousand magical herbs and fungi? snape was still ignoring hermione's quivering hand
"good - well, look, neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you later " "don't leave me!" said neville, scrambling to his feet, "i don't want to stay here alone, the bloody baron's been past twice already
hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; ron pulled out his own wand  not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: "wingardium leviosa!" the club flew suddenly out of the troll's hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over  and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner's head
wherever he was, filch must know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was snape who replied, "the restricted section? well, they can't be far, we'll catch them
"nicolas flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker of the sorcerer's stone!" this didn't have quite the effect she'd expected
"you know how i think they choose people for the gryffindor team?" said malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as snape awarded hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all
"hagrid," said hermione, "how fast do norwegian ridgebacks grow, exactly?" hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face  he leapt to his feet and ran to the window
how could they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak? there was no reason on earth that professor mcgonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was out-of-bounds except for classes
"if you're going to be cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it?" "it is," firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else  something that will bring you back to full strength and power  something that will mean you can never die
"what do you reckon's next?" "we've had sprout's, that was the devil's snare; flitwick must've put charms on the keys; mcgonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves quirrell's spell, and snape's
"sometimes," he said, "i find it hard to follow my master's instructions  he is a great wizard and i am weak " "you mean he was there in the classroom with you?" harry gasped
enjoy your holidays! yours sincerely, mafalda hopkirk improper use of magic office ministry of magic harry looked up from the letter and gulped
"but all my hogwarts stuff - my wand - my broomstick -" "where is it?" "locked in the cupboard under the stairs, and i can't get out of this room -" "no problem," said george from the front passenger seat
then he leapt to his feet and positively shouted, "it can't be harry potter?" the crowd parted, whispering excitedly; lockhart dived forward, seized harry's arm, and pulled him to the front
it kept crackling and sparking at odd moments, and every time ron tried to transfigure his beetle it engulfed him in thick gray smoke that smelled of rotten eggs. unable to see what he was doing, ron accidentally squashed his beetle with his elbow and had to ask for a new one
"why, "demanded ron, seizing her schedule, "have you outlined all lockhart's lessons in little hearts?" hermione snatched the schedule back, blushing furiously
he rolled up his sleeves, brandished his wand, and bellowed, "peskipiksi pesternomi!" it had absolutely no effect; one of the pixies seized his wand and threw it out of the window, too
nothing seemed to give colin a bigger thrill than to say, "all right, harry?" six or seven times a day and hear, "hello, colin," back, however exasperated harry sounded when he said it
"he saw my kwikspell letter!" "if i might speak, headmaster," said snape from the shadows, and harry's sense of forboding increased; he was sure nothing snape had to say was going to do him any good
"sir - what exactly do you mean by the `horror within' the chamber?" "that is believed to be some sort of monster, which the heir of slytherin alone can control," said professor binns in his dry, reedy voice
"gotcha!" fred yelled happily, but he was wrong; as though it was magnetically attracted to harry, the bludger pelted after him once more and harry was forced to fly off at full speed
fred, george, where were you when that bludger stopped angelina scoring?" "we were twenty feet above her, stopping the other bludger from murdering harry, oliver," said george angrily
"one of my best friends is muggle-born; she'll be first in line if the chamber really has been opened -" "harry potter risks his own life for his friends!" moaned dobby in a kind of miserable ecstasy
all he knew was that his legs were carrying him forward as though he was on casters and that he had shouted stupidly at the snake, "leave him alone!" and miraculously - inexplicably - the snake slumped to the floor, docile as a thick, black garden hose, its eyes now on harry
"- it can't've bin him, i'll swear it in front o' the ministry o' magic if i have to -" "hagrid, i -" "- yeh've got the wrong boy, sir, i know harry never =' "hagrid!" said dumbledore loudly
and people think he's slytherin's heir!" harry and ron waited with bated breath: malfoy was surely seconds away from telling them it was him - but then "i wish i knew who it is," said malfoy petulantly
malfoy was looking furious, and as ginny passed him to enter her classroom, he yelled spitefully after her, "i don't think potter liked your valentine much!" ginny covered her face with her hands and ran into class
snape gripped the back of a chair very hard and said, "how can you be sure?" "the heir of slytherin," said professor mcgonagall, who was very white, "left another message
"fawkes?" harry breathed, and he felt the bird's golden claws squeeze his shoulder gently "and that -" said riddle, now eyeing the ragged thing that fawkes had dropped, "that's the old school sorting hat -" so it was
"harry  oh, harry  i tried to tell you at b-breakfast, but i c-couldn't say it in front of percy  it was me, harry  but i  i s-swear i d- diddt mean to  r-riddle made me, he t-took me over  and - how did you kill that  that thing? w-where's riddle? the last thing i r- remember is him coming out of the diary " " it's all right," said harry, holding up the diary, and showing ginny the fang hole, "riddle's finished
i bought your present by owl-order; there was an advertisement in the daily prophet (i've been getting it delivered; it's so good to keep up with what's going on in the wizarding world), did you see that picture of ron and his family a week ago? i bet he's learning loads
want to come along for the ride, dudders?" "no," said dudley, whose attention had returned to the television now that uncle vernon had finished threatening harry
he had the invisibility cloak he had inherited from his father  what if he bewitched the trunk to make it feather-light, tied it to his broomstick, covered himself in the cloak, and flew to london? then he could get the rest of his money out of his vault and
"those are my books for arithmancy, care of magical creatures, divination, the study of ancient runes, muggle studies " "what are you doing muggle studies for?" said ron, rolling his eyes at harry
"how d'you know that?" "it's on his case," she replied, pointing at the luggage rack over the man's head, where there was a small, battered case held together with a large quantity of neatly knotted string
but how else was i supposed to get harry's present to him?" "stick it back in the trunk," harry advised as the sneakoscope whistled piercingly, "or it'll wake him up
"gryffindor versus slytherin, first game of the season, remember?" the only time harry and malfoy had faced each other in a quidditch match, malfoy had definitely come off worse
ron still looked worried, and lavender whispered, "but what about neville's cup?" when the transfiguration class had finished, they joined the crowd thundering toward the great hall for lunch
"sirius black hasn't got past the dementors yet, has he?" so they put their things away and headed out of the portrait hole, glad to meet nobody on their way to the front doors, as they weren't entirely sure they were supposed to be out
and a lasting injury like this"  he gave a huge, fake sigh  "who knows if my arm'll ever be the same again?" "so that's why you're putting it on," said harry, accidentally beheading a dead caterpillar because his hand was shaking in anger
"er  because there are so many of us, it won't know what shape it should be?" "precisely," said professor lupin, and hermione put her hand down, looking a little disappointed
"well, look at it logically," said hermione, turning to the rest of the group- "i mean, binky didn't even die today, did he? lavender just got the news today-" lavender wailed loudly
"you remember the conversation we had, headmaster, just before  ah  the start of term?" said snape, who was barely opening his lips, as though trying to block percy out of the conversation
it was as though someone had turned off the sound, as though harry had gone suddenly deaf  what was going on? and then a horribly familiar wave of cold swept over him, inside him, just as he became aware of something moving on the field below
why hadn't anyone ever mentioned the fact that harry's parents had died because their best friend had betrayed them? ron and herinione watched harry nervously all through dintier, not daring to talk about what they'd overheard, because percy was sitting close by them
"he'd be fine if that big stupid furball left him alone!" but harry, remembering what the woman at the magical menagerie had said about rats living only three years, couldn't help feeling that unless scabbers had powers he had never revealed, he was reaching the end of his life
eyes open again, she looked around once more and said, "but where is dear professor lupin?" "i'm afraid the poor fellow is ill again," said dumbledore, indicating that everybody should start serving themselves
"of course, i'm no expert, but i daresay madam hooch and professor flitwick will strip it down " "strip it down?" repeated ron, as though professor mcgonagall was mad
they were going on about yesterday's lesson, but hermione can't 've been there, because she was with us in care of magical creatures! and ernie mcmillan told me she's never missed a muggle studies class, but half of them are at the same time as divination, and she's never missed one of them either!" harry didn't have time to fathom the mystery of hermione's impossible schedule at the moment; he really needed to get on with snape's essay
"do watch where you're going, potter!" "sorry, professor " "i've just been looking for you in the gryffindor common room, well, here it is, we've done everything we could think of, and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it at all
why had black, having got the wrong bed, not silenced ron and proceeded to harry? black had proved twelve years ago that he didn't mind murdering innocent people, and this time he had been facing five unarmed boys, four of whom were asleep
"have you been imagining some act of glorious heroism? then let me correct you  your saintly father and his friends played a highly amusing joke on me that would have resulted in my death if your father hadn't got cold feet at the last moment
i'll see you in divination!" hermione joined them at the foot of the ladder to professor trelawneys classroom twenty minutes later, looking extremely harrassed
when he wasn't doing his own work, he was poring over enormously thick volumes with names like the handbook of hippogriff psychology and fowl or foul? a study of hippogriff brutality
"she says the crystal ball's told her that if i tell you, i'll have a horrible accident!" squeaked neville as he clambered back down the ladder toward harry and ron, who had now reached the landing
"if i manage to get into the ministry, i'll have a lot of proposals to make about magical law enforcement!" he told the only person who would listen  his girlfriend, penelope
the doctors did note (as though determined to find something wrong with the bodies) that each of the riddles had a look of terror upon his or her face  but as the frustrated police said, whoever heard of three people being frightened to death? as there was no proof that the riddles had been murdered at all, the police were forced to let frank go
all that is needed is a little courage from you, wormtail  courage you will find, unless you wish to feel the full extent of lord voldermort's wrath " "my lord, i must speak!" said wormtail, panic in his voice now
"all through our journey i have gone over the plan in my head  my lord, bertha jorkin's disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if we proceed, if i murder " "if?" whispered the second voice
see you soon - ron "calm down!" harry said as the small owl flew low over his head, twittering madly with what harry could only assume was pride at having delivered the letter to the right person
"not to worry, i can sort him out!" he yelled, advancing on dudley with his wand outstretched, but aunt petunia screamed worse than ever and threw herself on top of dudley, shielding him from mr. weasley
however, discussing him in front of ginny was a bad idea. nobody but themselves and professor dumbledore knew about how sirius had escaped, or believed in his innocence
"dimitrov skins moran -deliberately flying to collide there - and it's got to be another penalty - yes, there's the whistle!" the leprechauns had risen into the air again, and this time, they formed a giant hand, which was making a very rude sign indeed at the veela across the field
"morsmordre!" and something vast, green, and glittering erupted from the patch of darkness harry's eyes had been struggling to penetrate; it flew up over the treetops and into the sky
"if the hogwarts express crashed tomorrow, and george and i died, how would you feel to know that the last thing we ever heard from you was an unfounded accusation?" everyone laughed, even mrs. weasley
"someone creeping into his yard in the dead of night? more likely there's a very shell-shocked cat wandering around somewhere, covered in potato peelings
oh dear, they don't look happy, do they?" harry didn't like to tell mrs. weasley that muggle taxi drivers rarely transported overexcited owls, and pigwidgeon was making an earsplitting racket
"peeves, come down here at once!" professor mcgonagall, deputy headmistress and head of gryffindor house, had come dashing out of the great hall; she skidded on the wet floor and grabbed hermione around the neck to stop herself from falling
"peeves, get down here now!" barked professor mcgonagall, straightening her pointed hat and glaring upward through her square-rimmed spectacles
"i do hope this year's batch of gryffindors are up to scratch," said nearly headless nick, applauding as "mcdonald, natalie!" joined the gryffindor table
"no!" cried professor mcgonagall, running down the stairs and pulling out her wand; a moment later, with a loud snapping noise, draco malfoy had reappeared, lying in a heap on the floor with his sleek blond hair all over his now brilliantly pink face
seems you've had a pretty thorough grounding in tackling dark creatures - you've covered boggarts, red caps, hinkypunks, grindylows, kappas, and werewolves, is that right?" there was a general murmur of assent
do any of you know which curses are most heavily punished by wizarding law?" several hands rose tentatively into the air, including ron's and hermione's
"maybe not, thomas, but believe me, you need all the preparation you can get! miss granger remains the only person in this class who has managed to turn a hedgehog into a satisfactory pincushion
they think they've got the best job in the world -" "that's because they're uneducated and brainwashed!" hermione began hotly, but her next few words were drowned out by the sudden whooshing noise from overhead, which announced the arrival of the post owls
"dumbledore didn't say where the durmstrang people are sleeping, did he?" but this query was answered almost instantly; they were level with the slytherin table now, and karkaroff had just bustled up to his students
two of the girls who had not been selected had dissolved into tears and were sobbing with their heads on their arms. when fleur delacour too had vanished into the side chamber, silence fell again, but this time it was a silence so stiff with excitement you could almost taste it
surely you will agree that this is most irregular?" bagman wiped his round, boyish face with his handkerchief and looked at mr. crouch, who was standing outside the circle of the firelight, his face half hidden in shadow
"the goblet of fire's just gone out - it won't reignite until the start of the next tournament -" "- in which durmstrang will most certainly not be competing!" exploded karkaroff
what a thing to say!" "we all know professor moody considers the morning wasted if he hasn't discovered six plots to murder him before lunchtime," said karkaroff loudly
"if you don't want everyone else to know, fine, but i don't know why you're bothering to lie, you didn't get into trouble for it, did you? that friend of the fat lady's, that violet, she's already told us all dumbledore's letting you enter
"i hope you saw my piece over the summer about the international confederation of wizards' conference?" "enchantingly nasty," said dumbledore, his eyes twinkling
"what're you showing me?" harry said warily, wondering if the skrewts had laid eggs, or hagrid had managed to buy another giant three-headed dog off a stranger in a pub
"when the audience has assembled, i'm going to be offering each of you this bag" - he held up a small sack of purple silk and shook it at them - "from which you will each select a small model of the thing you are about to face! there are different - er - varieties, you see
"yeh did it! an' agains' the horntail an' all, an' yeh know charlie said that was the wors' - " "thanks, hagrid," said harry loudly, so that hagrid wouldn't blunder on and reveal that he had shown harry the dragons beforehand
"george and i invented them -seven sickles each, a bargain!" it was nearly one in the morning when harry finally went up to the dormitory with ron, neville, seamus, and dean
"don' frighten him, now!" hagrid shouted as ron and harry used their wands to shoot jets of fiery sparks at the skrewt, which was advancing menacingly on them, its sting arched, quivering, over its back
he had one brief glimpse of an enormous, high-ceilinged room, large as the great hall above it, with mounds of glittering brass pots and pans heaped around the stone walls, and a great brick fireplace at the other end, when something small hurtled toward him from the middle of the room, squealing, "harry potter, sir! harry potter!" next second all the wind had been knocked out of him as the squealing elf hit him hard in the midriff, hugging him so tightly he thought his ribs would break
"but dobby hasn't found work, sir, because dobby wants paying now!" the house-elves all around the kitchen, who had been listening and watching with interest, all looked away at these words, as though dobby had said something rude and embarrassing
it's just bigotry, isn't it?" ron looked as though he would have liked to reply scathingly, but perhaps he didn't want another row, because he contented himself with shaking his head disbelievingly while hermione wasn't looking
"you-" "are you paying attention over there?" professor grubbly-planks voice carried over to the boys; the girls were all clustered around the unicorn now, stroking it
"we're supposed to work out the clues alone, aren't we?" he said, careful to keep his voice casual and not sound as though he was accusing the head of the department of magical games and sports of breaking the rules
how on earth was this supposed to help solve the mystery of the egg? nevertheless, he put one of the huffy towels, the cloak, the map, and the egg at the side of the swimming-pool-sized bath, then knelt down and turned on a few of the taps
not one mention of underwater exploits in an anthology of eighteenth-century charms, or in dreadful denizens of the deep, or powers you never knew you had and what to do with them now youve wised up. crookshanks crawled into harrys lap and curled up, purring deeply
the excited babble of the crowd echoed strangely across the water as harry ran flat-out around the other side of the lake toward the judges, who were sitting at another gold-draped table at the water's edge. cedric, fleur, and krum were beside the judges' table, watching harry sprint toward them
both of them had opened their eyes; the girl looked scared and confused, but ron merely expelled a great spout of water, blinked in the bright light, turned to harry, and said, "wet, this, isn't it?" then he spotted fleur's sister
"crouch sacked his house-elf?" "yeah, at the quidditch world cup," said harry, and he launched into the story of the dark mark's appearance, and winky being found with harrys wand clutched in her hand, and mr. crouch's fury
you saw him dismiss a devoted house-elf because she associated him with the dark mark again - doesn't that tell you what he's like? crouch's fatherly affection stretched just far enough to give his son a trial, and by all accounts, it wasn't much more than an excuse for crouch to show how much he hated the boy
"hey, winky," said harry, struck by a sudden inspiration, walking over to her, and bending down, "you don't know what mr. crouch might be up to, do you? because he's stopped turning up to judge the triwizard tournament
"why don't you try and cheer her up instead of covering her up?" "begging your pardon, miss," said the house-elf, bowing deeply again, "but house-elves has no right to be unhappy when there is work to be done and masters to be served
"my dear, you were undoubtedly stimulated by the extraordinary clairvoyant vibrations of my room!" said professor trelawney
there was a bleak and forbidding air about the place; there were no pictures on the walls, no decorations at all; just these serried rows of benches, rising in levels all around the room, all positioned so that they had a clear view of that chair with the chains on its arms. before harry could reach any conclusions about the place in which they were, he heard footsteps
ludo bagman, a death eater? "only," said bagman, smiling awkwardly, "well - i know i've been a bit of an idiot -" one or two wizards and witches in the surrounding seats smiled indulgently
"is that - was that bertha jorkins?" "yes," said dumbledore, prodding the thoughts in the basin again; bertha sank back into them, and they became silvery and opaque once more
"what made you think he'd really stopped supporting voldemort, professor?" dumbledore held harrys gaze for a few seconds, and then said, "that, harry, is a matter between professor snape and myself
"she gave me such a telling off one night when i got back to the dormitory at four in the morning -" "what were you doing out of your dormitory at four in the morning?" said bill, surveying his mother with amazement
"and in third place - miss fleur delacour, of beauxbatons academy!" harry could just make out mrs. weasley, bill, ron, and hermione applauding fleur politely, halfway up the stands
perhaps that champion of commoners, of mudbloods and muggles, albus dumbledore?" at the mention of dumbledore's name, the members of the circle stirred, and some muttered and shook their heads
but might not your energies have been better directed toward finding and aiding your master?" "my lord, i was constantly on the alert," came lucius malfoy's voice swiftly from beneath the hood
use my death eater to ensure that the boy won the tournament - that he touched the triwizard cup first - the cup which my death eater had turned into a portkey, which would bring him here, beyond the reach of dumbledore's help and protection, and into my waiting arms. and here he is
and what use would it be to deprive voldemort of his wand, even if he could, when he was surrounded by death eaters, outnumbered by at least thirty to one? he had never learned anything that could possibly fit him for this
"i won't!" and these words burst from harry's mouth; they echoed through the graveyard, and the dream state was lifted as suddenly as though cold water had been thrown over him - back rushed the aches that the cruciatus curse had left all over his body - back rushed the realization of where he was, and what he was facing
"the imposter has been cutting it off all year, see where it is uneven? but i think, in the excitement of tonight, our fake moody might have forgotten to take it as frequendy as he should have done
severus, you have the potion?" snape handed dumbledore a small glass bottle of completely clear liquid: the veritaserum with which he had threatened harry in class
returned? preposterous
"if the magical community got wind that i had approached the giants -people hate them, dumbledore - end of my career -" "you are blinded," said dumbledore, his voice rising now, the aura of power around him palpable, his eyes blazing once more, "by the love of the office you hold, cornelius! you place too much importance, and you always have done, on the so-called purity of blood! you fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be! your dementor has just destroyed the last remaining member of a pure-blood family as old as any - and see what that man chose to make of his life! i tell you now-take the steps i have suggested, and you will be remembered, in office or out, as one of the bravest and greatest ministers of magic we have ever known
fail to act - and history will remember you as the man who stepped aside and allowed voldemort a second chance to destroy the world we have tried to rebuild!" "insane," whispered fudge, still backing away
'where's - wand - come on - lumos!' he said the spell automatically, desperate for light to help him n his search - and to his disbelieving relief, light flared inches from his right hand - the wand tip had ignited
'harry, you don't understand! dumbledore will need to act as quickly as possible, the ministry have their own ways of detecting underage magic, they'll know already, you mark my words
' 'but i was getting rid of dementors, i had to use magic - they're going to be more worried about what dementors were doing floating around wisteria walk, surely?' 'oh, my dear, i wish it were so, but i'm afraid - mundungus fletcher, i am going to kill you!' there was a loud crack and a strong smell of drink mingled with stale tobacco filled the air as a squat, unshaven man in a tattered overcoat materialised right in front of them
he said he's been having to struggle against dad's lousy reputation ever since he joined the ministry and that dad's got no ambition and that's why we've always been - you know - 'not had a lot of money, i mean - ' 'what?' said harry in disbelief, as ginny made a noise like an angry cat
they've suffered losses too; remember that goblin family he murdered last time, somewhere near nottingham?' 'i think it depends what they're offered,' said lupin
have you still not had any luck with ragnok, bill?' 'he's feeling pretty anti-wizard at the moment,' said bill, 'he hasn't stopped raging about the bagman business, he reckons the ministry did a cover-up, those goblins never got their gold from him, you know - ' a gale of laughter from the middle of the table drowned the rest of bill's words
'dumbledore was the only one you-know-who was ever scared of!' thanks to you, dumbledore was able to recall the order of the phoenix about an hour after voldemort returned,' said sirius
'how can he think dumbledore would just make it all up - that i'd make it all up?' 'because accepting that voldermort's back would mean trouble like the ministry hasn't had to cope with for nearly fourteen yea 's,' said sirius bitterly
in fact, many-legged creatures were cantering softly up and down outside the bedroom door, and hagrid the care of magical creatures teacher was saying, 'beauties, aren'ti they, eh, harry? we'll be studyin' weapons this term
'were - were your parents death eaters as well?' 'no, no, but believe me, they thought voldemort had the right idea, they were all for the purification of the wizarding race, getting rid of muggle-borns and having pure-bloods in charge
i've asked dumbledore whether i can escort you, to your hearing - as snuffles, obviously - so i can give you a bit of moral support, what d'you think?' harry felt as though his stomach had sunk through the dusty carpet
'where are we?' said mr weasley blankly, and for one heart-stopping moment harry thought they had got off at the wrong station despite mr weasley's continual references to the map; but a second later he said, 'ah yes
'it's not a question of how impressive the magic was,' said fudge in a testy voice, 'in fact, the more impressive the worse it is, i would have thought, given that the boy did it in plain view of a muggle!' those who had been frowning now murmured in agreement, but it was the sight of percy's sanctimonious little nod that goaded harry into speech
'of course, these particular dementors may have been outside ministry control - ' 'there are no dementors outside ministry control! snapped fudge, who had turned brick red
'it's - i want this over with today, dumbledore!' 'but naturally, you would not care how many times you heard from a witness, if the alternative was a serious miscarriage of justice,' said dumbledore
why, in the few short weeks since i was asked to leave the wizengamot, it has already become the practice to hold a full criminal trial to deal with a simple matter of underage magic!' a few of the wizards above them shifted uncomfortably in their seats
getting really out of hand, and you're so good-looking, it would look much better shorter, wouldn't it, harry?' oh - i dunno - ' said harry, slightly alarmed at being asked his opinion; he slid away from them in the direction of fred and george, who were huddled in a corner with mundungus
giving the twins his triwizard winnings had seemed a simple thing to do at the time, but what if it led to another family row and a percy-like estrangement? would mrs weasley still feel that harry was as good as her son if she found out he had made it possible for fred and george to start a career she thought quite unsuitable? standing where the twins had left him, with nothing but a guilty weight in the pit of his stomach for company, harry caught the sound of his own name
riddikulus! riddikulus! rid-dikulus!' crack
oh, for heavens sake, sirius, dumbledore said no!' a bear-like black dog had appeared at harry's side as he was clambering over the various trunks cluttering the hall to get to mrs weasley
upside-down it had been hard to tell what the picture on the front was, but harry now realised i! was a fairly bad cartoon of cornelius fudge; harry only recognised him because of the lime-green bowler hat
but does he? sources close to the minister have recently disclosed that fudge's dearest ambition is to seize control of the goblin gold supplies and that he will not hesitate to use force if need be
tuck in!' there was an appreciative laugh and an outbreak of applause as dumbledore sat down neatly and threw his long beard over his shoulder so as to keep it out of the way of his plate - for food had appeared out of nowhere, so that the five long tables were groaning under joints and pies and dishes of vegetables, bread and sauces and flagons of pumpkin juice
'mimbuius mimbletonia!' 'correct,' said the fat lady, and her portrait swung open towards them like a door, revealing a circular hole in the wall behind, through which harry and neville now climbed
'anyway, what's up, harry?' hermione continued, as they walked down a flight of stairs lined with portraits of old witches and wizards, all of whom ignored them, being engrossed in their own conversation
'we just haven't got your brains or your memory or your concentration - you're just cleverer than we are - is it nice to rub it in?' 'oh, don't give me that rubbish,' said hermione, but she looked slightly mollified as she led the way out into the damp courtyard
' 'yeah, well,' said harry, glowering at his plate, 'since when has snape ever been fair to me?' neither of the others answered; all three of them knew that snape and harry's mutual enmity had been absolute from the moment harry had set foot in hogwarts
where's the evidence he ever really stopped working for you-know-who?' 'i think dumbledore's probably got plenty of evidence, even if he doesn't share it with you, ron,' snapped hermione
'parvati patil, and isn't there a practical bit in our defence against the dark arts owl? aren't we supposed to show that we can actually do the counter-curses and things?' as long as you have studied the theory hard enough, there is no reason why you should not be able to perform the spells under carefully controlled examination conditions,' said professor umbridge dismissively
'oh, most think he's barking, the potty wee lad,but some are more kindly and think he's just sad,but peevesy knows better and says that he's mad - ''shut up!' a door to his left flew open and professor mcgonagall emerged from her office looking grim and slightly harassed
and in :he meantime, i'm afraid, we shall be working harder than ever to ensure that you all do yourselves justice!' they then spent over an hour revising summoning charms, which according to professor flitwick were bound to come up in their owl, and he rounded off the lesson by setting them their largest ever amount of charms homework
'what does he think we're doing here, forming some sort of wizard army?' that's exactly what he thinks you're doing,' said sirius, 'or, rather, that's exactly what he's afraid dumbledore's doing - forming his own private army, with which he will be able to take on the ministry of magic
'and you are a great-great-granddaughter of the celebrated seer cassandra trelawney?' 'yes,' said professor trelawney, holding her head a little higher
'but i think - correct me if i am mistaken - that you are the first in your family since cassandra to be possessed of second sight?' these things often skip - er - three generations,' said professor trelawney
'and how long do you reckon it'd take umbridge to pass another decree saying anyone who complains about the high inquisitor gets sacked immediately?' ron opened his mouth to retort but nothing came out and, after a moment, he closed it again, defeated
'you don't know what it's like! you - neither of you - you've never had to face him, have you? you think it's just memorising a bunch of spells and throwing them at him, like you're in class or something? the whole time you're sure you know there's nothing between you and dying except your own - your own brain or guts or whatever - 'like you can think straight when you know you're about a nanosecond from being murdered, or tortured, or watching your friends die - 'they've never taught us that in their classes, what it's like to deal with things like that - and you two sit there acting like i'm a clever little boy to be standing here, alive, like diggory was stupid, like he messed up - you just don't get it, that could just as easily have been me, it would have been if voldemort hadn't needed me -' 'we weren't saying anything like that, mate,' said ron, looking aghast
'what are they expecting?' 'i've told you, they just want to hear what you've got to say,' said hermione soothingly; but harry continued to look at her so furiously that she added quickly, 'you don't have to do anything yet, i'll speak to them first
'personally, i think this is really important, possibly more important than anything else we'll do this year, even with our owls coming up!' he looked around impressively, as though waiting for people to cry 'surely not!' when nobody spoke, he went on, 'i, personally, am at a loss to see why the ministry has foisted such a useless teacher on us at this critical period
i wonder whether this has been put up in all the houses?' it was immediately apparent on entering the great hall that umbridge's sign had not only appeared in gryffindor tower
' 'injured owl, did you say?' professor grubbly-plank appeared at professor mcgonagall's shoulder, smoking a pipe and holding a copy of the daily prophet
'and nobody would understand what it meant if they didn't know where we'd spoken to him before, would they?' t don't know,' said hermione anxiously, hitching her bag back over her shoulder as the bell rang again, 'it wouldn't be exactly difficult to re-seal the scroll by magic
it'll be interesting to see whether gryffindor are allowed to keep playing, won't it?' 'don't rise,' hermione whispered imploringly to harry and ron, who were both watching malfoy, faces set and fists clenched
' 'we could try the fever fudge,' george muttered, 'no one's seen that yet - ' 'does it work?' enquired ron hopefully, as the hammering of rain on the roof intensified and wind howled around the building
this is the place we've found for practice sessions, and you've - er - obviously found it ok.' 'it's fantastic!' said cho, and several people murmured their agreement
' - dodges warrington, avoids a bludger - close call, alicia - and the crowd are loving this, just listen to them, what's that they're singing?' and as lee paused to listen, the song rose loud and clear from the sea of green and silver in the slytherin section of the stands:'weasley cannot save a thing,he cannot block a single ring,that's why slytherins all sing:weasley is our king
'get going!' harry realised he had been stationary in midair for over a minute, watching the progress of the match without sparing a thought for the whereabouts of the snitch; horrified, he went into a dive and started circling the pitch again, staring around, trying to ignore the chorus now thundering through the stadium:'weasley is our king,weasley is our king
'' - and pucey's dodged alicia again and he's heading straight for goal, stop it, ron!' harry did not have to look to see what had happened: there was a terrible groan from the gryffindor end, coupled with fresh screams and applause from the slytherins
not until somebody in the vicinity yelled 'impedimenta!' and he was knocked over backwards by the force of the spell, did he abandon the attempt to punch every inch of malfoy he could reach
' 'but instead of leaving it to madam hooch to sort out, you two decided to give an exhibition of muggle duelling, did you?' bellowed professor mcgonagall
' 'not another one!' exclaimed professor mcgonagall violently
'hold yer hippogriffs, i haven' finished me story yet!' said hagrid indignantly, who, considering he had not wanted to tell them anything in the first place, now seemed to be rather enjoying himself
after looking carefully inside the enormous cauldron hagrid used for cooking, she wheeled round again and said, 'what has happened to you? how did you sustain those injuries?' hagrid hastily removed the dragon steak from his face, which in harry's opinion was a mistake, because the black and purple bruising all around his eye was now clearly visible, not to mention the large amount of fresh and congealed blood on his face
friend o' mine breeds abraxan horses, i dunno if you ve ever seen em, big beasts, winged, yen know, i've had a bit of a ride on one o' them an' it was - ' 'where have you been?' asked umbridge, cutting coolly through hagrid's babbling
harry could not understand this: had hagrid perhaps been attacked by some creature whose venom prevented the wounds it inflicted from healing? as though to complete the ominous picture, hagrid was carrying what looked like half a dead cow over his shoulder
' 'do you find,' said professor umbridge in a ringing voice to pansy parkinson, 'that you are able to understand professor hagrid when he talks?' just like hermione, pansy had tears in her eyes, but these were tears of laughter; indeed, her answer was almost incoherent because she was trying to suppress her giggles
he could tell the elf had done it, because nobody else would have strung a hundred golden baubles from the ceiling, each showing a picture of harry's face and bearing the legend: 'have a very harry christmas!' harry had only just managed to get the last of them down before the door creaked open and luna lovegood entered, looking as dreamy as usual
harry felt as though the panic inside him might spill over at any moment; he wanted to run, to yell for dumbledore; mr weasley was bleeding as they walked along so sedately and what if those fangs (harry tried hard not to think 'my fangs') had been poisonous? they passed mrs norris, who turned her lamplike eyes upon them and hissed faintly but professor mcgonagall said, 'shoo!' mrs norris slunk away into the shadows, and in a few minutes they had reached the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to dumbledore s office
'and you too, dilys!' a sallow-faced wizard with a short black fringe and an elderly witch with long silver ringlets in the frame beside him, both of whom seemed to have been in the deepest of sleeps, opened their eyes immediately
christmas on the closed wardwas this why dumbledore would no longer meet harry's eyes? did he expect to see voldemort staring out of them, afraid, perhaps, that their vivid green might turn suddenly to scarlet, with catlike slits for pupils? harry remembered how the snakelike face of voldemort had once forced itself out of the back of professor quirrell's head and ran his hand over the back of his own, wondering what it would feel like if voldemort burst out of his skull
and then, with a terrible stab of panic, he thought, but this is insane - if voldemort's possessing me, i'm giving him a clear view into the headquarters of the order of the phoenix right now! he'll know who's in the order and where sirius is
trying with all his might not to think how the dursleys were going to react when they found him on their doorstep six months earlier than they had expected, he strode over to his trunk, slammed the lid shut and locked it, then glanced around automatically for hedwig before remembering that she was still at hogwarts - well, her cage would be one less thing to carry - he seized one end of his trunk and had dragged it halfway towards the door when a snide voice said, 'running away, are we?' he looked around
'do you mean to tell me,' said mrs weasley, her voice growing louder with every word and apparently unaware that her fellow visitors were scurrying for cover, 'that you have been messing about with muggle remedies?' 'not messing about, molly, dear,' said mr weasley imploringly, 'it was just - just something pye and i thought we'd try - only, most unfortunately - well, with these particular kinds of wounds - it doesn't seem to work as well as we'd hoped - ' 'meaning?' 'well
'harry, dear,' said mrs weasley poking her head into his and ron's bedroom, where the pair of them were playing wizard chess watched by hermione, ginny and crookshanks, 'could you come down to the kitchen? professor snape would like a word with you
'and why,' said snape slowly, 'would you ask such a thing?' 'because,' said harry, watching snape's face closely, 'that corridor i've just seen - i've been dreaming about it for montns - i've just recognised it - it leads to the department of mysteries
' whispered ron, as madam pince swept past, squeaking slightly 'that the weapon - the thing you-know-who's after - is in the ministry of magic?' 'in the department of mysteries, it's got to be,' harry whispered
it's funny, isn't it,' said cho in a low voice, gazing up at the pictures of the death eaters, 'remember when that sirius black escaped, and there were dementors all over hogsmeade looking for him? and now ten death eaters are on the loose and there are no dementors anywhere
' 'so you actually stick to it, do you, that he who must not be named is back?' said rita, lowering her glass and subjecting harry to a piercing stare while her finger strayed longingly to the clasp of the crocodile bag
he watched them happily for a while, then decided to go and find the other members of the da. but when he left the room he found himself facing, not the tapestry of barnabas the barmy, but a torch burning in its bracket on a stone wall
in large red letters across this picture were the words:harry potter speaks out at last:the truth about he who must not be namedand the night i saw him return'it's good, isn't it?' said luna, who had drifted over to the gryffindor table and now squeezed herself on to the bench between fred and ron
'and the best bit,' whispered hermione gleefully, as they left the library, 'is they can't contradict you, because they can't admit they've read the article!' to cap it all, luna told him over dinner that no issue of the quibbler had ever sold out faster
sturgis had moody's invisibility cloak, right? so, what if he was standing guard by the door, invisible, and malfoy heard him move - or guessed someone was there - or just did the imperius curse on the off-chance there'd be a guard there? so, when sturgis next had an opportunity - probably when it was his turn on guard duty again - he tried to get into the department to steal the weapon for voldemort - ron, be quiet - but he got caught and sent to azkaban
a girl was laughing as a scrawny boy tried to mount a bucking broomstick - ' 'enough!' harry felt as though he had been pushed hard in the chest; he staggered several steps backwards, hit some of the shelves covering snapes walls and heard something crack
'yours, professor dumbledore?' said umbridge, with a singularly unpleasant little laugh
our findings teach us that the future may be glimpsed in the sky above us - ' 'professor trelawney did astrology with us!' said parvati excitedly, raising her hand in front of her so that it stuck up in the air as she lay on her back
'i mean, i could do with a few more details about this war we're about to have, couldn't you?' the bell rang right outside the classroom door and everyone jumped; harry had completely forgotten they were still inside the castle, and quite convinced that he was really in the forest
but it was definitely something hairy, harry!' hermione's patronus, a shining silver otter, was gambolling around her
harry glanced left and right, the others were all moving so fast he :aught only glimpses of flying heels at either end of the corridor before they vanished; he started to run right; there was a boys' bathroom up ahead, he could pretend he'd been in there all the time if he could just reach it - ' 'aaargh! something caught him around the ankles and he fell spectacularly, skidding along on his front for six feet before coming to a halt
'so, it's news to you, is it,' said fudge, his voice now thick with anger, 'that an illegal student organisation has been discovered within this school?' 'yes, it is,' said harry, hoisting an unconvincing look of innocent surprise on to his face
he did not know what to say first: how sorry he was that he had started the da in the first place and caused all this trouble, or how terrible he felt that dumbledore was leaving to save him from expulsion? but dumbledore cut him off before he could say another word
'lording it over all the other teachers, the stupid puffed-up, power-crazy old - ' 'now, do you really want to finish that sentence, granger?' draco malfoy had slid out from behind the door, closely followed by crabbe and goyle
' harry could still hear the distant bangs of escaped firecrackers when he and ron went up to bed an hour later; and as he got undressed a sparkler floated past the tower, still resolutely spelling out the word 'poo'. he got into bed, yawning
could it possibly be information about the department of mysteries that snape was determined to keep from him? harry looked over his shoulder, his heart now pumping harder and faster than ever
'potter has no chance whatsoever of becoming an auror!' professor mcgonagall got to her feet, too, and in her case this was a much more impressive move: she towered over professor umbridge
ron seemed determined to give neither his opinion nor his advice; he would not look at harry, though when hermione opened her mouth to try dissuading harry some more, he said in a low voice, 'give it a rest, ok? he can make up his own mind
'look, harry' said sirius placatingly, 'james and snape hated each other from the moment they set eyes on each other, it was just one of those things, you can understand that, can't you? i think james was everything snape wanted to be - he was popular, he was good at quidditch - good at pretty much everything
' 'and,' said harry doggedly, determined to say everything that was on his mind now he was here, 'he kept looking over at the girls by the lake, hoping they were watching him!' 'oh, well, he always made a fool of himself whenever lily was around,' said sirius, shrugging, 'he couldn't stop himself showing off whenever he got near her
'hagrid!' said harry, fighting his way through thickly knotted brambles, over which hagrid had stepped with ease, and remembering very vividly what had happened to him on the other occasion he had stepped off the forest path
'students, magorian, from up at the school! they have probably already profited from the traitor firenze's teachings
'hagrid,' said hermione in a high-pitched and terrified voice, as both bane and the grey centaur pawed at the ground, 'let's go, please let's go!' hagrid moved forwards, but his crossbow was still raised and his eyes were still fixed threateningly upon magorian
'look!' squealed parvati, who was leaning over the parapet and pointing to the foot of the castle where the front doors had opened again; more light was spilling out on to the dark lawn and a single long black shadow was now rippling across the lawn
'galloping gargoyles!' shouted professor tofty, who also seemed to have forgotten the exam completely
'get him, get him!' screamed umbridge, but her remaining helper seemed highly reluctant to go within reach of hagrid's fists; indeed, he was backing away so fast he tripped over one of his unconscious colleagues and fell over
' though clearly struggling to understand what was going on, ginny said immediately, 'yeah, we'll do it,' and luna said, 'when you say "sirius", are you talking about stubby boardman?' nobody answered her
'you - '!' but before he could utter a single curse or insult, harry felt a great pain at the top of his head; he inhaled a lot of ash and, choking, found himself being dragged backwards through the flames, until with a horrible abruptness he was staring up into the wide, pallid face of professor umbridge who had dragged him backwards out of the fire by the hair and was now bending his neck back as far as it would go, as though she were going to slit his throat
how much time had elapsed since he had seen sirius lying on the department of mysteries floor? how much longer would sirius be able to resist voldemort? all harry knew for sure was that his godfather had neither done as voldemort wanted, nor died, for he was convinced that either outcome would have caused him to feel voldemort's jubilation or fury course through his own body, making his scar sear as painfully as it had on the night mr weasley was attacked
'now can we move?' the floor of the telephone box shuddered and the pavement rose up past its glass windows; the scavenging thestrals were sliding out of sight; blackness closed over their heads and with a dull grinding noise they sank down into the depths of the ministry of magic
'this way!' harry's heart was pumping frantically now that he knew they were on the right track; he led the way down the narrow space between the lines of desks, heading, as he had done in his dream, for the source of the light, the crystal bell jar quite as tall as he was that stood on a desk and appeared to be full of a billowing, glittering wind
several of the death eaters laughed; a harsh female voice from the midst of the shadowy figures to harry's left said triumphantly, the dark lord always knows!' 'always,' echoed malfoy softly
'luna - neville - help me!' the three of them tore around the room, sealing the doors as they went; harry crashed into a tbale and rolled over the top of it in his haste to reach the next door: 'colloportus!' there were footsteps running along behind the doors, every now and then another heavy body would launch itself against one, so it creaked and shuddered; luna and neville were bewitching the doors along the opposite wall - then, as harry reached the very top of the room, he heard luna cry: 'collo- aaaaaaaaargh
thanks!' harry said to neville, pulling him aside as sirius and his death eater lurched past, duelling so fiercely that their wands were blurs; then harry's foot made contact with something round and hard and he slipped
'now, potter - ' he made the same slashing movement with his wand that he had used on hermione just as harry yelled, 'protego!' harry felt something streak across his face like a blunt knife; the force of it knocked him sideways and he fell over neville's jerking legs, but the shield charm had stopped the worst of the spell
sure it was over, sure voldemort had decided to flee, harry made to run out from behind his statue guard, but dumbledore bellowed: 'stay where you are, harry!' for the first time, dumbledore sounded frightened
lord voldemort has returned, you have been chasing the wrong man for twelve months, and it is time you listened to sense!' 'i - don't - well -' blustered fudge, looking around as though hoping somebody was going to tell him what to do
dumbledore, you - you will need to tell me exactly - the fountain of magical brethren - what happened?' he added in a kind of whimper, staring around at the floor, where the remains of the statues of the witch, wizard and centaur now lay scattered
he was sure all the: portraits around the room were listening closely to every wore! dumbledore spoke, wondering where dumbledore and harry had been, and why there had been injuries
'professor dumbledore?' harry said very quietly, for dumbledore, still staring at the pensieve, seemed completely lost in thought
'not such a deluded show-off any more, eh?' he helped himself to a handful of chocolate frogs from the immense pile on his bedside cabinet, threw a few to harry, ginny and neville and ripped off the wrapper of his own with his teeth
in that case, potter, we will simply have to - ' 'add some more?' professor mcgonagall had just stumped up the stone, steps into the castle; she was carrying a tartan carpetbag in one hand and leaning heavily on a walking stick with her other, but otherwise looked quite well
' 'nick, can i ask you something?' a most peculiar expression stole over nearly headless nick's face as he inserted a finger in the stiff ruff at his neck and tugged it a little straighter, apparently to give himself thinking time
'anyway - it doesn't matter - sirius won't care if it's unusual, he'll come back, i know he will!' and so strong was his belief, harry actually turned his head to check the door, sure, for a split second, that he was going to see sirius, pearly-white and transparent but beaming, walking through it towards him
'what?' shouted ron, upending the chessboard: crookshanks went plunging after the pieces and hedwig and pigwidgeon twittered and hooted angrily from overhead
and how dare anyone suggest that it was lack of policemen that had resulted in those two very nasty and well-publicized murders? or that the government should have somehow foreseen the freak hurricane in the west country that had caused so much damage to both people and property? and was it his fault that one of his junior ministers, herbert chorley, had chosen this week to act so peculiarly that he was now going to be spending a lot more time with his family?"a grim mood has gripped the country," the opponent had concluded, barely concealing his own broad grin
"youeryouri mean to say, some of your people werewere involved in thosethose things, were they?"fudge fixed the prime minister with a rather stern look
my dear prime minister, are you ever going to tell anybody?"still chortling, fudge had thrown some powder into the fireplace, stepped into the emerald flames, and vanished with a whooshing sound
"why did you stay there all that time, snape? still spying on dumbledore for a master you believed dead?"hardly," said snape, "although the dark lord is pleased that i never deserted my post: i had sixteen years of information on dumbledore to give him when he returned, a rather more useful welcome-back present than endless reminiscences of how unpleasant azkaban is
i daresay harry has told you i would be coming for him?"harry ran down the stairs two at a time, coming to an abrupt halt several steps from the bottom, as long experience had taught him to remain out of arm's reach of his uncle whenever possible
naturally we had to move out until such time as we have clarified the position,"but how are you going to find out if i'm allowed to own it?"fortunately," said dumbledore, "there is a simple test
dudley drew his large, bare, pink feet off the floor and sat with them raised almost above his head, as though he thought the creature might run up his pajama trousers, and uncle vernon bellowed, "what the hell is that?"kreacher," finished dumbledore
but i thought i'm not allowed to use magic outside school, sir?"if there is an attack," said dumbledore, "i give you permission to use any counterjinx or curse that might occur to you
and without warning, dumbledore swooped, plunging the tip of his wand into the seat of the overstuffed armchair, which yelled, "ouch!"good evening, horace," said dumbledore, straightening up again
"are you really telling me that they haven't come recruiting yet?"slughorn eyed dumbledore balefully for a moment, then muttered, "i haven't given them the chance
i reckon the staff are safer than most people while dumbledore's headmaster; he's supposed to be the only one voldemort ever feared, isn't he?" harry went on
i don't know whether ron's told you in any of his letters ?it's only just happened ?but arthur's been promoted!"it could not have been clearer that mrs. weasley had been bursting to say this
"what do you like me to call you when we're alone together?"even by the dim light of the lantern harry could tell that mrs. weasley had turned bright red; he himself felt suddenly warm around the ears and neck, and hastily gulped soup, clattering his spoon as loudly as he could against the bowl
harry was astonished to hear hermione talking about mrs. weasley like this and could not blame ron for saying angrily, "can't you two lay off her for five seconds?"oh, that's right, defend her," snapped ginny
"although the prophet says ?quot; began ron, but hermione said, "shh!"the prophet's got it right," said harry, looking up at them both with a great effort: hermione seemed frightened and ron amazed
it was all right: he had always known that he would fail divination, and he had had no chance of passing history of magic, given that he had collapsed halfway through the examination, but he had passed everything else! he ran his finger down the grades
if harry could only enter, unseen, behind him, what might he not see or hear? true, there was little of the journey left ?hogsmeade station had to be less than half an hour away, judging by the wildness of the scenery flashing by the windows ?but nobody else seemed prepared to take harry's suspicions seriously, so it was down to him to prove them
do you wish to proceed with potions?"yes," said harry, "but i didn't buy the books or any ingredients or anything-"i'm sure professor slughorn will be able to lend you some," said professor mcgonagall
'quire right! you recognized it, i suppose, by its distinctive mother-of-pearl sheen?"and the steam rising in characteristic spirals," said hermione enthusiastically, "and it's supposed to smell differently to each of according to what attracts us, and i can smell freshly mown grass and new parchment and -" but she turned slightly pink and did not complete the sentence
i take it," he turned, smiling, to look at hermione, who had let out an audible gasp, "that you know what felix felicis does, miss granger?"it's liquid luck," said hermione excitedly
survive?" "it has a very great deal to do with the prophecy," said dumble-dore, as casually as if harry had asked him about the next days weather, "and i certainly hope that it will help you to survive,
"i am here following a serious breach of wizarding law, which occurred here in the early hours of this morning " "all right, all right, all right!" bellowed gaunt
"why did the love potion stop working?" "again, this is guesswork," said dumbledore, "but i believe that merope, who was deeply in love with her husband, could not bear to continue enslaving him by magical means
"sir, am i allowed to tell ron and hermione everything you've told me?" dumbledore considered him for a moment, then said, "yes, i think mr. weasley and miss granger have proved themselves trust-worthy
"hang on i'll let you down " he groped for the potion book and riffled through it in a panic, trying to find the right page; at last he located it and deciphered the cramped word underneath the spell: praying that this was the counter-jinx, harry thought liberacorpus! with all his might
"jus' bin visitin' grawp, he's comin' on so well yeh wouldn' " "hagrid, someone's hurt back there, or cursed, or something " "wha ?" said hagrid, bending lower to hear what harry was say-ing over the raging wind
but that's not the point, the thing is that he bought something at the same time, and i think it was that necklace " "you saw malfoy leaving the shop with a similar package?" "no, professor, he told borgin to keep it in the shop for him " "but harry," hermione interrupted, "borgin asked him if he wanted to take it with him, and malfoy said no " "because he didn't want to touch it, obviously!" said harry angrily
"oh, ron," said hermione despairingly, "it would be all wrapped up, so he wouldn't have to touch it, and quite easy to hide inside a cloak, so nobody would see it! i think whatever he reserved at borgin and burkes was noisy or bulky, something he knew would draw attention to him if he carried it down the street and in any case," she pressed on loudly, before harry could interrupt, "i asked borgin about the necklace, don't you remember? when i went in to try and find out what malfoy had asked him to keep, i saw it there
"why not madam pomfrey?" "impertinent," said a soft voice from one of the portraits on the wall, and phineas nigellus black, sirius's great-great-grandfather, raised his head from his arms where he had appeared to be sleeping
best bargain we ever made!" dumbledore gave the pensieve an extra-vigorous shake and caractacus burke descended back into the swirling mass of memory from whence he had come
"could you possibly be feeling sorry for lord voldemort?" "no," said harry quickly, "but she had a choice, didn't she, not like my mother ?quot; "your mother had a choice too," said dumbledore gently
i have an appointment with a mrs. cole, who, i believe, is the matron here?" "oh," said the bewildered-looking girl, taking in dumbledore's eccentric appearance
harry gave a guilty start and wrenched his imagination away from a corridor in which no ron intruded, in which he and ginny were quite alone "what?" he said confusedly
" "aha!" screamed a voice from overhead and both of them jumped; unnoticed by either of them, they had just passed underneath peeves, who was hanging upside down from a chandelier and grinning maliciously at them
cannot afford mistakes, draco, because if you are expelled " "i didn't have anything to do with it, all right?" "i hope you are telling the truth, because it was both clumsy a nd foolish
and now you've torn it quite apart i'll thank you to give back my heart! celestina ended her song on a very long, high-pitched note and loud applause issued out of the wireless, which mrs. weasley joined in with enthusiastically
he sounded a little bitter, and perhaps realized it, for he smiled more warmly as he went on, "i am not complaining; it is necessary work and who can do it better than i? however, it has been difficult gaining their trust
"parsnips, remus?" "harry, you've got a maggot in your hair," said ginny cheerfully, leaning across the table to pick it out; harry felt goose bumps erupt up his neck that had nothing to do with the maggot
harry felt anger bubbling in the pit of his stomach: so dolores umbridge was still at the ministry, was she? "so basically," he said, as though he just wanted to clarify a few points, "you'd like to give the impression that i'm working for the ministry?" "it would give everyone a lift to think you were more involved, harry," said scrimgeour, sounding relieved that harry had cot-toned on so quickly
"did you have a good christmas?" "yeah," said ron at once, "pretty eventful, rufus scrim " ] "i've got something for you, harry," said hermione, neither looking at ron nor giving any sign that she had heard him
"fred and george did," "charlie failed, though, didn't he?" "yeah, but charlie's bigger than me" ron held his arms out from his body as though he was a gorilla "so fred and george didn't go on about it much
"so they still don't know where you go?" asked harry, hoping for more information on this intriguing subject, but dumbledore merely smiled over the top of his half-moon spectacles
here, again, was dumbledore's tendency to trust people in spite of overwhelming evidence that they did not deserve it! but then harry remembered something
shall we?" harry stepped up to the stone basin and bowed obediently until his face sank through the surface of the memory; he felt the familiar sensation of falling through nothingness and then landed upon a dirty stone floor in almost total darkness
"but he had this real memory in him all the time!" "yes, but it took a great deal of skilled legilimency to coax it out of him," said dumbledore, "and why should anybody delve further into morfin's mind when he had already confessed to the crime? however, i was able to secure a visit to morfin in the last weeks of his life, by which time i was attempting to discover as much as i could about voldemort's past
good luck, and don't forget your protective gloves!'hermione had left her stool and was halfway towards siughorn's desk before the rest of the class had realised it was time to move, and by the time harry, ron and ernie returned to the table, she had already tipped the contents of her phial into her cauldron and was kindling a fire underneath it
'destination, determination, deliberation! 'step one: fix your mind firmly upon the desired destin-ation,' said twycross
how exactly did it happen, harry?"harry retold the story he had already recounted, it felt like a hundred times to dumbledore, to mcgonagall, to madam pomfrey, to hermione, and to ginny
"i mean, it's always bin a bit of a risk sendin a kid ter hogwarts, hasn it? yer expect accidents, don' yeh, with hundreds of underage wizards all locked up tergether, but attempted murder, tha's tliff'rent
surely nobody in their right mind would have let luna lovegood commentate? but even from above there was no mistaking that long, dirty-blonde hair, nor the necklace of butterbeer corks
"seventy-forty to hufflepuff!" barked professor mcgonagall into luna's megaphone
"master wants me to spy upon the pure-blood great-nephew of my old mistress?"that's the one," said harry, foreseeing a great danger and determining to prevent it immediately
"what did they row about?" he asked, trying to sound casual as they turned onto a seventh-floor corridor that was deserted but for a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus
"it looked terrible and if coote and peakes hadn't caught harry he could have been very badly hurt!" "yeah, well, there was no need for ginny and dean to split up over it," said harry, still trying to sound casual
"thus far, as i hope you agree, i have shown you reasonably firm sources of fact for my deductions as to what voldemort did until the age of seventeen?" harry nodded
"you'll have no trouble come july!" "i've only done it once," harry reminded him; he had finally managed to disappear and rematerialize inside his hoop during their previous lesson
"when you say you had lots in common," said ron, sounding rather amused now, "d'you mean he lives in an s-bend too?" "no," said myrtle defiantly, her voice echoing loudly around the old tiled bathroom
he waited until he was right be-hind her before bending very low and whispering, "hello you're very pretty, aren't you?" goyle gave a high-pitched scream of terror, threw the scales up into the air, and sprinted away, vanishing from sight long before the sound of the scales smashing had stopped echoing around the corri-dor
"i was supposed to be apparating to out-side madam puddifoots tea shop and i overshot it a bit, ended up near scrivenshafts, but at least i moved!" "good one," said harry
once the girl was out of earshot he said, "dumbledore said we wouldn't be having any more lessons until i got the memory!" "maybe he wants to check on how you're doing?" suggested hermione, as harry unrolled the parchment; but rather than finding dumbledore's long, narrow, slanted writing he saw an untidy sprawl, very difficult to read due to the presence of large blotches on the parchment where the ink had run
was it his imagination, or did malfoy, like tonks, look thinner! certainly he looked paler; his skin still had that grayish tinge, probably because he so rarely saw daylight these days
well, good evening to you, and many thanks again!" professor sprout headed off into the gathering darkness in the direction of her greenhouses, and slughorn directed his steps to the spot where harry stood, invisible
"why couldn't he make a sorcerer's stone, or steal one, if he was so interested in immortality?" "well, we know that he tried to do just that, five years ago," s;n?l dumbledore
"and if you do," said harry quickly, "can i come with you and help get rid of it?" dumbledore looked at harry very intently for a moment before saying, "yes, i think so
"by attempting to kill you, voldemort himself singled out the remark-able person who sits here in front of me, and gave him the tools for the job! it is voldemort's fault that you were able to see into his thoughts, his ambitions, that you even understand the snakelike language in which he gives orders, and yet, harry, despite your privileged insight into voldemort's world (which, incidentally, is a gift any death eater would kill to have), you have never been se-duced by the dark arts, never, even for a second, shown the slight-est desire to become one of voldemort's followers!" "of course i haven't!" said harry indignantly
but then we were rudely interrupted by severus snape!' 'what?' 'yes, there was a commotion outside the door and it flew open, and there was that rather uncouth barman standing with snape, who was waffling about having come the wrong way up the stairs, although i'm afraid that i myself rather thought he had been apprehended eavesdropping on my interview with dumbledore - you see, he himself was seeking a job at the time, and no doubt hoped to pick up tips! well, after that, you know, dumbledore seemed much more dis-posed to give me a job, and i could not help thinking, harry, that it was because he appreciated the stark contrast between my own unassuming manners and quiet talent, compared to the pushing, thrusting young man who was prepared to listen at keyholes - harry, dear?' she looked back over her shoulder, having only just real-ised that harry was no longer with her; he had stopped walking and they were now ten feet from each other
'and you let him teach here and he told voldemort to go after my mum and dad!' breathing hard as though he were fighting, harry turned away from dumbledore, who still had not moved a muscle, and paced up and down the study, rubbing his knuckles in his hand and exercising every last bit of restraint to prevent himself knocking things over
ah, that seems to have done the trick, doesn't it?" the blazing silver outline of an arch had appeared in the wall once more, and this time it did not fade away: the blood-spattered rock within it simply vanished, leaving an opening into what seemed total darkness
"but how to reach it? this potion cannot be pen-etrated by hand, vanished, parted, scooped up, or siphoned away, nor can it be transfigured, charmed, or otherwise made to change its nature
did that mean the death had occurred there? dumbledore had already crossed the crenellated ramparts and was dismounting; harry landed next to him seconds later and looked around
'he's been offering me plenty of help - wanting all the glory for himself - wanting a bit of the action - "what are you doing? did you do the necklace, that was stupid, it could have blown everything -" but i haven't told him what i've been doing in the room of requirement, he's going to wake up tomorrow and it'll all be over and he won't be the dark lord's favourite any more, he'll be nothing compared to me, nothing!' 'very gratifying,' said dumbledore mildly
the dimly lit corridor was full of dust; half the ceiling seemed to have fallen in; and a battle was raging before him, but even as he attempted to make out who were fighting whom, he heard the hated voice shout, "it's over, time to go!" and saw snape disappearing around the corner at the far end of the corridor; he and malfoy seemed to have forced their way through the fight unscathed
"knew it was summat like that," mumbled hagrid, and he raised a smoldering pink, flowery umbrella and said, "aguamenti!"a jet of water flew out of the umbrella tip
but dumbledore told me explicitly that snape's repentance was absolutely genuine-wouldn't hear a word against him!"i'd love to know what snape told him to convince him," said tonks
ashamed of his parentage, trying to make himself feared using the dark arts, gave himself an impressive new name - lard voldemort - the half-blood prince - how could dumbledore have missed -?' he broke off, looking out of the window
many of our oldest family trees become a little diseased over time," he said as bellatrix gazed at him, breathless and imploring, "you must prune yours, must you not, to keep it healthy? cut away those parts that threaten the health of the rest
the dursleys, who had listened to all of this with looks of utter incomprehension on their faces, jumped as a loud voice screeched, "hurry up!" harry looked all around the room before realizing the voice had issued from dedalus's pocket watch
after several moments of apparently painful internal struggle he said, "but where's he going to go?"aunt petunia and uncle vernon looked at each other
"the charm that detects magical activity around under-seventeens, the way the ministry finds out about underage magic! if you, or anyone around you, casts a spell to get you out of here, thicknesse is going to know about it, and so will the death eaters
fred and george turned to each other and said together, "wow c we're identical!"i dunno, though, i think i'm still better-looking," said fred, examining his reflection in the kettle
it's all righ', harry!" bellowed hagrid, now thrown flat onto the back by the surge of speed; nobody was steering now, and the sidecar was starting to twist violently in the bike's slipstream
the slightest breath of wind made them all jump and turn toward the whispering bush or tree in the hope that one of the missing order members might leap unscathed from its leaves cand then a broom materialized directly above them and streaked toward the ground c"it's them!" screamed hermione
he felt beleaguered and blackmailed: did they think he did not know what they had done for him, didn't they understand that it was for precisely that reason that he wanted to go now, before they had to suffer any more on his behalf? there was a long and awkward silence in which his scar continued to prickle and throb, and which was broken at last by mrs. weasley
you told me the problem would be solved by using another's wand!"and into his mind burst the vision of an emaciated old man lying in rags upon a stone floor, screaming, a horrible drawn-out scream, a scream of unendurable agony
"so does it say how to destroy horcruxes in that book?"yes," said hermione, now turning the fragile pages as if examining rotting entrails, "because it warns dark wizards how strong they have to make the enchantments on them
"the decree for justifiable confiscation gives the ministry the power the confiscate the contents of a will c"that law was created to stop wizards passing on dark artifacts," said hermione, "and the ministry is supposed to have powerful evidence that the deceased's possessions are illegal before seizing them! are you telling me that you thought dumbledore was trying to pass us something cursed?"are you planning to follow a career in magical law, miss granger?" asked scrimgeour
you know why, i'm sure?"harry shrugged, hermione, however, answered: harry thought that answering questions correctly was such a deeply ingrained habit she could not suppress the urge
"has anyone ever tried sticking a sword in voldemort? maybe the ministry should put some people onto that, instead of wasting their time stripping down deluminators or covering up breakouts from azkaban
"oh, we all know you worshipped dumbledore; i daresay you'll still think he was a saint even if it does turn out that he did away with his squib sister!"muriel!" exclaimed doge
mudbloods, filth, stains of dishonor, taint of shame on the house of my fathers c "shut up!" harry bellowed, directing his wand at her, and with a bang and a burst of red sparks, the curtains swung shut again, silencing her
on james's left was lupin, even then a little shabby-looking, but he had the same air of delighted surprise at finding himself liked and included or was it simply because harry knew how it had been, that he saw these things in the picture? he tried to take it from the wall; it was his now, after all, sirius had left him everything, but it would not budge
we were so sorry you couldn't come, but the order's got to come first, and harry's not old enough to know it's his birthday anyway! james is getting a bit frustrated shut up here, he tries not to show it but i can tell c also dumbledore's still got his invisibility cloak, so no chance of little excursions
his parents had known bathilda bagshot; had dumbledore introduced them? dumbledore's still got his invisibility cloak
pettigrew, the traitor, had seemed "down" had he? was he aware that he was seeing james and lily alive for the last time?and finally bathilda again, who told incredible stories about dumbledore
master has not finished his soup, would master prefer the savory stew, or else the treacle tart to which master is so partial?"thanks, kreacher, but i'll be back in a minute c er c bathroom
and if we're going to the ministry tomorrow, don't you reckon we should go over the plan?"reluctantly, as the other two could tell, hermione let the matter rest, though harry was quite sure she would attack again at the first opportunity
accio dittany!"a small brown bottle zoomed out of the bag; he caught it and hastened back to hermione and ron, whose eyes were now half-closed, strips of white eyeball all that were visible between his lids
and dumbledore thought he only wanted to come back to try and find something, probably another founder's object, to make into another horcrux?"yeah," said harry
it's impossible to make good food out of nothing! you can summon it if you know where it is, you can transform it, you can increase the quantity if you've already got some c "well, don't bother increasing this, it's disgusting," said ron
harry, who had found the need to remain silent increasingly difficult the longer they eavesdropped, now found himself unable to say more then, "ginny c the sword c "i know!" said hermione
the sword can destroy horcruxes! goblin-made blades imbibe only that which strengthens them c harry, that sword's impregnated with basilisk venom!"and dumbledore didn't give it to me because he still needed it, he wanted to use it on the locket c " c and he must have realized they wouldn't let you have it if he put it in his will c " c so he made a copy c " c and put a fake in the glass case c " c and he left the real one c where?"they gazed at east other harry felt that the answer was dangling invisibly in the air above them, tantalizingly close
and tears came before he could stop them, boiling hot then instantly freezing on his face, and what was the point in wiping them off or pretending? he let them fall, his lips pressed hard together, looking down at the thick snow hiding from his eyes the place where the last of lily and james lay, bones now, surely, or dust, not knowing or caring that their living son stood so near, his heart still beating, alive because of their sacrifice and close to wishing, at this moment, that he was sleeping under the snow with them
what a blow for those who have always portrayed dumbledore as the muggle-borns' greatest champion! how hollow those speeches promoting muggle rights seem in the light of this damning new evidence! how despicable does albus dumbledore appear, busy plotting his rise to power when he should have been mourning his mother and caring for his sister!no doubt those determined to keep dumbledore on his crumbling pedestal will bleat that he did not, after all, put his plans into action, that he must have suffered a change of heart, that he came to his senses
"rack your brains, ron, that should only take a couple of seconds c"hermione," interjected harry, who considered this a low blow, "he just saved my c"i don't care!" she screamed
meanwhile we went to godric's hollow and, let's think, what happened there, harry? oh yes, you-know-who's snake turned up, it nearly killed both of us, and then you-know-who himself arrived and missed us by about a second
remember those birds she set on me?"i still haven't ruled it out," came hermione's muffled voice from beneath her blankets, but harry saw ron smiling slightly as he pulled his maroon pajamas out of his rucksack
cheer up, it's the christmas holidays, luna'll be home!"they had an excellent view of the village of ottery st. catchopole from the breezy hillside to which they disapparated next morning
there's a description in fantastic beasts and where to find them! mr. lovegood, you need to get rid of it straightaway, don't you know it can explode at the slightest touch?"the crumple horned snorkack" said xenophilius very clearly, a mulish look upon his face, "is a shy and highly magical creature, and it's horn c "mr. lovegood
modeled, fittingly enough, upon the head of the beautiful rowens ravenclaw, 'wit beyond measure is a man's greatest treasure!'"he indicated the objects like ear trumpets
"'so the oldest brother, who was a combative man, asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence: a wand that must always win duels for its owner, a wand worthy of a wizard who had conquered death! so death crossed to an elder tree on the banks of the river, fashioned a wand from a branch that hung there, and gave it to the oldest brother
said hermione slowly, and harry could tell that she was trying to keep any trace of skepticism out of her voice, "that you believe these objects c these hallows c really exist?"xenophilius raised his eyebrows again
"but," said hermione, and harry could hear her restraint starting to crack, "mr. lovegood, how can you possibly believe c?"luna has told me all about you, young lady," said xenophilius
"exactly!" said xenophilius, his forefinger raised pedantically
"is that what you were doing when you went into the garden, mr. lovegood?sending an owl to the ministry?"xenophilius licked his lips "they took my luna," he whispered, "because of what i've been writing
so that peverell bloke who's buried in godric's hollow," he said hastily, trying to sound robustly sane, "you don't know anything about him, then?"no," she replied, looking relieved at the change of subject
if voldemort had known about the deathly hallows, surely he would have sought them, done anything to possess them: three objects that made the possessor master of death? if he had known about the deathly hallows, he might not have needed horcruxes in the first place
obsession?" said hermione in a low fierce voice, when harry was careless enough to use the word one evening, after hermione had told him off for his lack of interest in locating more horcruxes
can you believe that?"the goblin looked slantwise at harry, and the lightning scar on harry's forehead prickled, but he ignored it, refusing to acknowledge its pain or its invitation
ah, probity probes," signed travers theatrically, "so crude cbut so effective!"and he set off up the steps, nodding left and right to the wizards, who raised the golden rods and passed them up and down his body
act now, act now," whispered griphook in harry's ear, "the imperious curse!"harry raised the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak, pointed it at the old goblin, and whispered, for the first time in his life, "imperio!"a curious sensation shot down harry's arm, a feeling of tingling, warmth that seemed to flow from his mind, down the sinews and veins connecting him to the wand and the curse it had just cast
everything you touch will burn and multiply, but the copies are worthless c and if you continue to handle the treasure, you will eventually be crushed to death by the weight of expanding gold!"okay, don't touch anything!" said harry desperately, but even as he said it, ron accidentally nudged one of the fallen goblets with his foot, and twenty more exploded into being while ron hopped on the spot, part of his shoe burned away by contact with the hot metal
stupefy!" he bellowed, and ron and hermione joined in: jets of red light flew into the crowd of goblins, and some toppled over, but others advanced, and harry saw several wizard guards running around the corner
now!"he slithered over the side of the dragon and plummeted feetfirst toward the surface of the lake; the drop was greater than he had estimated and he hit the water hard, plunging like a stone into a freezing, green, reed-filled world
no, he was concentrating on warning snape, he didn't think about exactly where it is c "wait, wait!" cried hermione as ron caught up to the horcrux and harry pulled out the invisibility cloak again
it was of ron and hermione that he thought as he whispered "expecto patronum!"the silver stag burst from his wand and charged: the dementors scattered and there was a triumphant yell from somewhere out of sight"it's him, down there, down there, i saw his patronus, it was a stag!"the dementors have retreated, the stars were popping out again and the footsteps of the death eaters were becoming louder; but before harry in his panic could decide what to do, there was a grinding of bolts nearby, a door opened on the left-side of the narrow street, and a rough voice said: "potter, in here, quick!"he obeyed without hesitation, the three of them hurried through the open doorway
we're supposed to practice the cruciatus curse on people who've earned detentions c "what?"harry, ron, and hermione's united voices echoed up and down the passage
cho had got to her feet, but ginny said rather fiercely, "no, luna will take harry, won't you, luna?"oooh, yes, i'd like to," said luna happily, as cho sat down again, looking disappointed
i've had hundreds of kids thundering through my pub, potter!"i know, we're evacuating," harry said, "voldemort's c " c attacking because they haven't handed you over, yeah," said aberforth
"d'you think you could just c just hold it in until we've got the diadem?"yeah c right c sorry c " said ron, and he and hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in the face
"but if i can, i will, the dark lord wants him dead anyway, what's the diff c?"a jet of scarlet light shot past harry by inches: hermione had run around the corner behind him and sent a stunning spell straight at crabbe's head
then a number of huge bangs shook the castle, and a great cavalcade of transparent figures galloped past on horses, their heads screaming with bloodlust under their arms. harry staggered to his feet when the headless hunt had passed and looked around: the battle was still going on all around him
"but why?"he knows i'm after horcruxes c he's keeping nagini close beside him c obviously i'm going to have to go to him to get near the thing c"right," said ron, squaring his shoulders
dumbledore turned a page, and said, without looking up, "keep an eye on quirrell, won't you?" a whirl of color, and now everything darkened, and snape and dumbledore stood a little apart in the entrance hall, while the last stragglers from the yule ball passed them on their way to bed
"yet you confide much more in a boy who is incapable of occlumency, whose magic is mediocre, and who has a direct connection into the dark lord's mind!"voldemort fears that connection," said dumbledore
his job was to walk calmly into death's welcoming arms. along the way, he was to dispose of voldemort's remaining links to life, so that when at last he flung himself across voldemort's path, and did not raise a wand to defend himself, the end would be clean, and the job that ought to have been done in godric's hollow would be finished
and dumbledore had known that harry would not duck out, that he would keep going to the end, even though it was his end, because he had taken trouble to get to know him, hadn't he? dumbledore knew, as voldemort knew, that harry would not let anyone else die for him now that he had discovered it was in his power to stop it
yet the borrowed wand did no better against yours! so voldemort, instead of asking himself what quality it was in you that had made your wand so strong, what gift you possessed that he did not, naturally set out to find the one wand that, they said, would beat any other
any moment, the people for whom he had tried to die would see him, lying apparently dead, in hagrid's arms."no!"the scream was the more terrible because he had never expected or dreamed that professor mcgonagall could make such a sound
won't they, neville longbottom?"he pointed his wand at neville, who grew rigid and still, then forced the hat onto neville's head, so that it slipped down below his eyes
want to hear some, before you make another big mistake?"voldemort did not speak, but prowled in a circle, and harry knew that he kept him temporarily mesmerized at bay, held back by the faintest possibility that harry might indeed know a final secret
"dumbledore favorite solution, love, which he claimed conquered death, though love did not stop him falling from the tower and breaking like and old waxwork? love, which did not prevent me stamping out your muddblood mother like a cockroach, potter c and nobody seems to love you enough to run forward this time and take my curse
harry heard the high voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the heavens, pointing draco's wand:"avada kedavra!"expelliarmus!"the bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden flames that erupted between them, at the dead center of the circle they had been treading, marked the point where the spells collided
