how's that, popkin? two more presents
"that's mine!" said harry, trying to snatch it back
"out! out!" uncle vernon seized harry around the waist and threw him into the hall
"we swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish," said uncle vernon, "swore we'd stamp it out of him! wizard indeed!" "you knew?" said harry
"haven't i told you he's not going?" he hissed
"aren't you?" he added to harry
"where's percy?" said their mother
"hey, mom, guess what? guess who we just met on the train?" harry leaned back quickly so they couldn't see him looking
"sorry," he said, "but have you seen a toad at all?" when they shook their heads, he wailed, "i've lost him! he keeps getting away from me!" "he'll turn up," said harry
"am i?" said harry, feeling dazed
"what house are your brothers in?" asked harry
"what's your quidditch team?" ron asked
"oh, you're going to fight us, are you?" malfoy sneered
"oy, you there! is this your toad?" said hagrid, who was checking the boats as people climbed out of them
"a magic beyond all we do here! and now, bedtime
"get off, scabbers! he's chewing my sheets
"well, what are you all waiting for?" she barked
"now what am i going to do?" she asked shrilly
"nothing! ha haaa! told you i wouldn't say nothing if you didn't say please! ha ha! haaaaaa!" and they heard the sound of peeves whooshing away and filch cursing in rage
"well, that's it  any questions?" harry shook his head
"follow me! stick together, first years! no need to fear the troll if you follow my orders! stay close behind me, now
make way, first years coming through! excuse me, i'm a prefect!" "how could a troll get in?" harry asked as they climbed the stairs
"what about her?" "she doesn't know about the troll
"so why did he just try and kill harry?" cried hermione
i know a jinx when i see one, hagrid, i've read all about them! you've got to keep eye contact, and snape wasn't blinking at all, i saw him!" "i'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said hagrid hotly
"weasley!" ron let go of the front of malfoy's robes
"you what?" hagrid looked shocked
"will you look at this? i've got some presents!" "what did you expect, turnips?" said ron, turning to his own pile, which was a lot bigger than harry's
what's the matter?" "nothing," said harry
"it's here  just here  yes!" they pushed the door open
so what if they can't see you? what if they walk into you? what if you knock something over?" "you sound like hermione
"what do you see when you look in the mirror?" "i? i see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks
"will you stop messing around!" he yelled
"so what on earths hagrid up to?" said hermione
"snape?" "yeah  yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? look, snape helped protect the stone, he's not about ter steal it
"it's hedwig!" said harry, hurrying to let her in
"is that you, filch? hurry up, i want ter get started
"that's why yer late, is it?" said hagrid, frowning at filch
"yes  thank you  what was that?" the centaur didn't answer
"why?" panted hermione, hurrying to keep up
"i'm ready!" harry turned to hermione
"hermione!" "harry  you're a great wizard, you know
the snitch! he tried to catch it, but his arms were too heavy
"who is it?" hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke
"it's  all  my  ruddy  fault!" he sobbed, his face in his hands
i told the evil git how ter get past fluffy! i told him! it was the only thing he didn't know, an' i told him! yeh could've died! all fer a dragon egg! i'll never drink again! i should be chucked out an' made ter live as a muggle!" "hagrid!" said harry, shocked to see hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard
some of them called: "bye, harry!" "see you, potter!" "still famous," said ron, grinning at him
"third time this week!" he roared across the table
"but why don't you leave? escape?" "a house-elf must be set free, sir
can't anyone help you? can't i?" almost at once, harry wished he hadn't spoken
"see you next summer!" harry yelled
"not lucius malfoy's son?" "must be, it's not a very common name, is it?" said harry
"they were starving him, mum!" said george
"hagrid!" harry croaked in relief
"we must have a drink! what's that you've got there? oh, you're changing muggle money
"leave him alone, he didn't want all that!" said ginny
"what are you doing? it's too crowded in here, let's go outside
"why can't we get through?" harry hissed to ron
"quidditch practice!" said wood
"come on!" harry squinted at the window
"oh, wow! wait for me! i've never watched a quidditch game before!" colin scrambled through the hole after him
"there you are, harry, what kept you?" said wood briskly
"i don't believe it!" wood hissed in outrage
"this is our practice time! we got up specially! you can clear off now!" marcus flint was even larger than wood
"good, aren't they?" said malfoy smoothly
"what've you been feeding them?" said harry
"no magic! there must be about a hundred cups in that room
"rubbish!" snarled filch
"harry only -" "no one wants to upset me! that's a good one!" howled myrtle
"did you see anyone near here that night?" said harry
"but how do we prove it?" said harry darkly
"ready to resume play?" she asked wood
"allow me!" shouted lockhart
"what're you doing in here?" hagrid held up the limp rooster
"what're you doing down here?" said ron in surprise
"what's up with you, crabbe?" snapped malfoy
"what?" said ron, looking from one to the other
"let me go!" harry snarled, tugging
"what's up?" said ron, looking at him with concern
and on the bed next to her was "hermione!" ron groaned
"what're you two doin' here?" "what's that for?" said harry, pointing at the crossbow as they stepped inside
"are you okay, hagrid?" said harry
"what're we going to do?" said ron, whose eyes were flashing
"she's not - she's not -?" "she's still alive," said riddle
"what are you talking about?" said harry
"like what?" harry spat, fists still clenched
do you see what he's doing, potter? he's crying
look! him and the basilisk
"you're alive! i don't believe it! what happened?" how - what  where did that bird come from?" fawkes had swooped through the gap after ginny
"w- what's that?" said mr. weasley in a stunned voice
any chance of meeting you there? don't let the muggles get you down! try and come to london, ron p
"where's my dudders?" roared aunt marge
"how come the muggles don't hear the bus?" said harry
"will you be wanting anything? beer? brandy?" "perhaps a pot of tea," said fudge, who still hadn't let go of harry
"well then, what's a the fuss about?" laughed fudge
"have you had any luck with black yet?" harry asked
"harry!" he said, smiling as he looked up
"would we get a reward if we caught him?" asked ron
i suppose he knows about all this?" "of course he knows
"d'you think we've broken down?" "dunno
a thick white fog was swirling around him, inside him - "harry! harry! are you all right?" someone was slapping his face
"sort of freeze your insides, don't they?" said fred
"what's she talking about?" he said to harry
"oh, how silly we've all been!" malfoy sneered
"it was malfoy's fault!" snapped dean thomas
"know what?" malfoy let out a low, sneering laugh
"we're getting there! dean!" dean hurried forward
crack! quite a few people screamed
"but then, why would you dread him dying?" said hermione
"one moment, please !" she called as the class made to leave
"how did you know about that?" harry asked
"you're not worried, are you?" "no," said harry
"the lights are going out now!" percy shouted
is there any chance of fixing it?" "no," said harry
"hand in something that good?" "if i hand it in, i'll have to say where i got it! filch would know fred and george had nicked it!" "but what about sirius black?" hermione hissed
"i'll get the drinks, shall i?" he added, going slightly red
have one yourself, won't you? come and join us
"hagrid, what is it?" said hermione, aghast
"ready?" said lupin, gripping the box lid
"well  there might have been!" said hermione
"can i sit down, then?" harry asked hermione
"okay, side with ron, i knew you would!" she said shrilly
"come on, harry!" said george, fighting his way over
"did you even come to the match?" he asked her
"perce  sirius black!" said ron faintly
"see you when you get back!" ron grinned and winked
"what was that? 'who did that?" "very haunted up here, isn't it?" said ron, with the air of one commenting on the weather
"what did you say to me, potter?" "i told you to shut up about my dad!" harry yelled
"lupin!" snape called into the fire
"captains, shake hands!" said madam hooch
"mount your brooms!" said madam hooch
"sorry!" said flint as the crowd below booed
"how'd it go?" harry asked him, standing up
"she hasn't gone to get it?" ron said, staring after her
"you  you " "hermione " " you and him!" "hermione, calm down " "i didn't tell anyone!" hermione shrieked
now will you listen?" harry didn't know what to think
"didn't you ever wonder why he was living so long?" "we  we've been taking good care of him!" said ron
"what, scared to hear your old master's name?" said black
"sirius, sirius, what could i have done? the dark lord
"we're about to come out!" hermione breathed
"gone! gone! bless his little beak, he's gone! musta pulled himself free! beaky, yeh clever boy!" buckbeak started to strain against the rope, trying to get back to hagrid
"i'm going to grab the cloak!" "harry, no!" hermione seized the back of harry's robes not a moment too soon
"was it one of the teachers?" "no," said harry
miss granger, three turns should do it. good luck
"what was that?" said madam pomfrey in alarm
"you're talking nonsense!" "you don't know potter!" shrieked snape
"don't go!" lupin shook his head and didn't speak
"oh, cheer up, harry!" said hermione sadly
"the  the quidditch world cup, my lord?" said wormtail
"load of children with red hair?" harry frowned
"what is this?" growled uncle vernon
ouch, ron!" ron's voice now joined the others'
"it isn't funny!" mr. weasley shouted
"you stay where you are!" snarled mrs. weasley
"were they okay?" he asked, startled
"over here, arthur! over here, son, we've got it
"why?" said harry, taken aback
"wild!" he said, twiddling the replay knob on the side
"how are you? i don't think you've met my wife, narcissa? or our son, draco?" "how do you do, how do you do?" said fudge, smiling and bowing to mrs. malfoy
"he's seen the snitch!" harry shouted
"get up! ron - harry - come on now, get up, this is urgent!" harry sat up quickly and the top of his head hit canvas
"stop! that's my son!" harry's hair stopped blowing about
"elf? did you see anyone?" winky began to tremble worse than ever
"ouch! mum - you're strangling us -" "i shouted at you before you left!" mrs. weasley said, starting to sob
"arthur!" she called up the staircase
"what are you talking about?" snapped ron
"born under - what, sorry?" said harry
"oh no you don't, laddie!" harry spun around
"you'll be arthur weasley's son, eh?" moody said
"what's in the box?" he asked, pointing at it
"and how do we do all this?" harry asked
"what are you on about?" said ron in surprise
"i wonder if cedric knows? think i'll go and tell him
it's a flying house!" said dennis creevey
"the lake!" yelled lee jordan, pointing down at it
"of course she isn't!" said hermione tartly
"what are they doing here?" said harry in surprise
"viktor, how are you feeling? did you eat enough? should i send for some mulled wine from the kitchens?" harry saw krum shake his head as he pulled his furs back on
"bout time!" said hagrid, when he'd flung open the door
"knew you had it in you!" the clapping and chatting died down
"ah, but of course 'e is lying!" cried madame maxime
"how did you do it without getting a beard? brilliant!" roared george
"all right, hermione?" said hagrid loudly
"does he?" said hermione, looking startled
"what's up?" "got summat ter show yeh," said hagrid
then he said, "how's harry?" "fine," said hagrid
'he still cries about his parents! oh bless him, i never knew!" harry had had enough
what are you saying?" said harry slowly
"what's that got to do with you?" harry snarled
"are you sure?" cedric said in a hushed voice
"and what's the mirror for?" "oh that's my foe-glass
are you all right?" "yes," harry heard himself say
"and here comes mr. krum!" cried bagman, and krum slouched out, leaving harry quite alone
"why?" "nothing," said hermione quickly
been teaching long?" she added to hagrid
"see you, dobby!" "harry potter
"dance partners?" he felt himself going red
"who d'you two keep writing to, eh?" said ron
what, excuse me?" "well - you know," said ron, shrugging
"i don't know what made me do it!" ron gasped again
"hermione, he's got ages!" snapped ron
"don't be so stupid!" she said after a moment
how's old barty doing? shame he couldn't come
"'ow dare you!" shrieked madame maxime
"what's the problem with giants?" "well, they're
"what d'you mean?" said harry sharply
"why are they looking for him here?" said harry
how you doin' with that egg, harry?" "great," said harry
shut your eyes again, will you? i'm getting out
"keep your voice down!" said harry crossly
"there's a way of doing it!" hermione said crossly
"ten - ten minutes?" he looked down at his watch
"dobby knew harry had not found the right book, so dobby did it for him!" "what?" said harry
harry!" ron shouted over the noise
"what?" said ron, dropping his pestle with a loud clunk
"what's he like?" "he's okay," said harry
"does he, now?" said sirius, frowning more deeply
"crouch's son was caught?" gasped hermione
is he really ill? if he is, why did he make the effort to drag himself up to snape's office? and if he's not
"oh for heavens sake!" hermione cried
'" "no!" said hermione, looking shocked
"hello there!" called a cheery voice
do that, weatherby, will you? will you? will
"are you all right?" crouch's eyes were rolling in his head
"sher - sherbet lemon!" he panted at it
"what's the matter?" hermione asked him
"after all the stuff he did at school!" "he's worried about you!" said hermione sharply
but then how could he have held the wand?" harry said slowly
"we never thought of her, did we?" said ron slowly
"you were at the top of north tower!" hermione said
"fancy giving us a tour, harry?" said bill
"bet you're not feeling quite as full of yourself now cedrics caught you up on points, are you?" "what?" said harry
"what are you doing?" yelled cedric's voice
"did you hear fleur scream earlier?" said harry
"harry!" he heard cedric shouting
"master!" he shrieked, "master, forgive me! forgive us all!" voldemort began to laugh
does this mean you are tired of our duel? does this mean that you would prefer me to finish it now, harry? come out, harry
"you dueled with the dark lord?" "got away
"karkaroff's gone? he ran away? but then - he didn't put my name in the goblet?" "no," said moody slowly
"what map is this?" "potter's map of hogwarts
"is he okay?" harry asked
"sirius black!" she shrieked, pointing at him
"who's that?" called hagrid, coming to the door
"madame maxime, o' course!" said hagrid
"you all righ'?" he said gruffly "yeah," said harry
the window's open!' 'oh - yes - sorry, dear
'bye, dud!' 'see ya, big d!' harry waited for the rest of the gang to move on before setting off again
' 'yeah? did he say you look like a pig that's been taught to walk on its hind legs? 'cause that's not cheek, dud, that's true
'what thing?' that - that thing you are hiding
' 'i mean when you're in bed!' dudley snarled
'he left!' said mrs figg, wringing her hands
' 'what are you going to do?' asked harry quickly
'who are all these ruddy owls from?' he growled
'and they'll sentence you there?' 'i suppose so
'are you quite sure it's him, lupin?' he growled
'we are leaving, aren't we?' he asked
' 'do i have to?' lupin smiled but made no answer
'not here, boy!' snarled moody
' 'you're kidding?' said harry
who's kreacher?' he asked
'arthur, back me up!' mr weasley did not speak at once
' 'how has that helped?' harry asked
'who said none of us are putting the news out?' said sirius
' 'no.' it was not mrs weasley who spoke this time, but lupin
'ouch!' 'keep your voice down, ron, or mum'll be back up here
'so who d'you think's got it now?' asked george
'look at ginny' 'what d'you mean?' said harry
'listen!' they fell silent
what is he doing here? kreacher doesn't know
' 'where did you go?' asked harry, staring at him
'what do you want, harry?' mrs weasley called
'and arthur weasley too! what are you doing here, arthur?' 'i work here,' said mr weasley curtly
'ron?' said hermione, her jaw dropping
'just caught her!' he said happily
'i never thought it would be me!' he said, shaking his head
' 'ten galleons the lot, then, dung?' said fred
'no!' mrs weasley moaned
'had a good summer, luna?' ginny asked
' 'get out!' said hermione, standing up
'what's she doing back here? hagrid can't have left, can he?' 'i'll be quite glad if he has,' said luna, 'he isn't a very good teacher, is he?' 'yes, he is!' said harry, ron and ginny angrily
'it's that umbridge woman!' 'who?' said hermione
'what on earth's she doing here, then?' 'dunno
'look at today!' groaned ron
what about you, hermione?' 'i don't know,' she said
'i beg your pardon?' 'no,' said harry, more loudly
' 'which is the truth!' said harry loudly
' 'i - what?' said ron, plainly playing for time
i haven't been out all week, have you?' 'no,' said harry
all right, ron?' said george, winking at him
'have you?' 'just now, before lunch,' said george
'what have you been telling people?' he said in a low voice
'so that's why she talks now?' he asked hermione
'how're things?' said sirius
'harry potter, sir!' he awoke with a start
'ok, stop!' harry shouted
what was i thinking?' 'get a grip,' said harry sternly
'shoulda known!' said a gruff voice
'come on, hagrid, tell us what you've been up to!' said ron
' 'and how many were there?' asked harry
'food?' 'nah, he can get food all righ' fer himself,' said hagrid
' 'how could you tell which ones they were?' asked ron
'er - thestrals!' he said loudly
' 'what are nargles?' 'no idea,' said harry
'so - er - what did she want?' he asked in a mock casual voice
'she - er - ' 'did you kiss?' asked hermione briskly
' 'i .
'what's going on?' he said, stretching out a hand to help ginny up
are you feeling sick?' they were all watching him
'it had better not be clothes!' ron warned her
' 'he couldn't have left, could he?' said harry
'snape?' said harry blankly
'what's been going on?' asked mr weasley again
'cho! hey - cho!' he ran after her, catching her halfway up the marble staircase
'get up! you are not trying, you are making no effort
'what happened?' he said
'where are you going?' said ron, startled
'and about time! if it hadn't come today
'but you won't talk to me! p - perhaps it would be best if we just
'go on, leave!' she said, now crying into the napkin
'what deal?' said rita, wiping her mouth on the back of her hand
'i mean, what was all that about? what was going on?' hermione glanced over at the back of clio's head and sighed
' 'is that what she was doing?' said harry, as ron dropped on
then you have been plotting against me!' he yelled
'no!' shouted harry
'you really mustn't! she'd love a reason to expel you!' 'you don't get it, hermione, do you?' said fred, smiling at her
tea? coffee? pumpkin juice?' as she named each drink, she gave her short wand a wave, and a cup or glass of it appeared on her desk
'drink it before it gets cold, won't you? well, now, mr potter
' boom! the very floor of the office shook
'what was - ?' she was gazing towards the door
'five more minutes!' the voice made harry jump
'she hated him!' 'nah, she didn't,' said sirius
'you are trying to block your mind, aren't you?' said
can't it wait, hagrid?' asked harry
'hagrid, why are you armed?' said harry
' 'is that why we're here, hagrid?' asked hermione
'what is it?' was the one he; had been planning on asking
'but i had ter bring him, hermione, i had ter!' 'but why?' asked hermione, who sounded as though she wanted to cry
' 'what are those ropes for, then?' harry asked
'yes!' said harry loudly
'how dare you!' the figure shouted as she ran
you think you have felt pain thus far? think again
gone?' said harry, shocked
the question is how we're going to get in there!' 'but
'but you know!' shouted harry
'he's got padfoot!' he shouted
'if you smash it - !' harry's mind was racing
'there they are!' she shrieked
'it doesn't matter!' said a man's voice
'your dear old mate voldemort knows it's gone! he's not going to be happy with you, is he?' 'what? what do you mean?' she cried, and for the first time there was fear in her voice
'nothing to summon! it smashed and nobody heard what it said, tell your boss that!' 'no!' she screamed
'look out!' harry yelled
'he - here?' said fudge, goggling at harry
' 'you don't know how i feel!' harry roared
' 'he was laughing?' said harry in a hollow voice
' 'but he might have chosen wrong!' said harry
that's right, isn't it?' harry urged him
'people can come back, right? as ghosts
' 'what d'you mean, "gone on"?' said harry quickly
'how come you're not at the feast?' harry asked
why aren't you at the feast?' harry shrugged
"hello?" he said, trying to sound braver than he felt
"sirius black, you mean? merlin's beard, no
that's because he is sixteen and has no idea what lies in store! why, severus? why my son? it is too dangerous! this is vengeance lor lucius's mistake, i know it!"snape said nothing
is mr. weasley still at work?" harry asked
molly! i've got to ask you your question first!"arthur, really, this is just silly
i do not hate her!" said mrs. weasley in a cross whisper
"how's she going to manage that?" asked harry
"she thinks it was her limit he died!"how does she work that one out?" asked harry, in spite of himself
students now!" grinned ron
"no they won t!" said ron, who, like harry, was laughing
"mum, can i have a pygmy puff?" said ginny at once
kept for anyone?" mr. borgin squinted at her
guess what?" he added, turning to harry
"and you're not either, are you?"harry shook his head too
the clear winner!" he cried to the dungeon
"but i got him, father!" cackled morfin
"what!" said ron, goggling at hermione
"i'm a teacher!" he roared at harry
"what's this? feelin' sorry for me? reckon i'm lonely or summat?" "no," said harry at once
"missed me, have yeh?" snorted hagrid
"come back, you thieving !" "there's no point, harry
"oh yes he does!" she said, flaring up at harry
"don't drink that, ron!" both harry and ron looked up at her
"looking for ron?" she asked, smirking
"hi," said harry, "how're you? you're staying at hogwarts, then? i heard your parents wanted you to leave
"and a great one you'll make too!" boomed slughorn
"oh." harry stared into the fire
"so how was your christmas?" "oh, fine," she shrugged
"should be a laugh, eh?" "i dunno," said harry
"what muggle?" said riddle sharply
'well, let's see how you've done! blaise
'this is insane!' said harry
so, all in all, not one of ron's better birthdays?" said fred
"you don't think he could have mixed up the glasses by mistake? meaning to get you?"why would slughorn want to poison harry?" asked ginny
"oh, harry, what can we say? you saved ginny
"it didn't look funny at all!" said hermione hotly
"you're making fun of me, aren't you?" she said
in love with sirius?" hermione stared at him
" it's just your mother's genes coming out in you!" "oh
"you liked her, didn't you?" "liked her?" said slughorn, his eyes brimming with tears once more
"so, the other horcruxes?" said harry
"what d'you mean?" said harry quickly
' 'what?' 'you think she was the half-blood
' 'but it would! maybe she was proud of being half a prince!' 'listen, hermione, i can tell it's not a girl
'and did the voice say who was there?' 'no, it did not,' she said
'when did you find out about this?' he asked at last
'what is it that you suspect them of doing, precisely?' 'i .
' ? do not wish to discuss the matter any further
"how can you tell?" harry spoke in a whisper
"see? i cannot approach any nearer than this
ginny, who else is dead?" "don't worry, none of us
?' said harry, silling up straight
'what?' at your aunt and uncle's house,' said ron
and the core?"dragon c dragon heartstring
what?" said uncle vernon loudly
why isn't he coming too?" asked dudley
is this it? is this sirius's bike?"the very same," said hagrid, beaming down at harry
ted! crashed in the garden!"harry's head was swimming
wha' was tha' about?" roared hagrid
i don't want c "but don't be so silly!" said mrs. weasley
i'll invite remus and tonks, shall i? and how about hagrid?"that'd be great," said harry
"all righ', ron, hermione?"we're fine," said hermione
"wha c norbert's a girl?"oh yeah," said charlie
"i'm hoping to do some good in the world!"ron laughed
why is that? to what use did he think you would put to the deluminator, mr. weasley?"put out lights, i s'pose," mumbled ron
"excuse me?" said hermione giggling
but i think you know my luna?" he added to ron
oh, have you changed that too?" she asked brightly
isn't harry potter here? i was hoping to meet him
"how did they know where we were?"she turned to harry
"oh, kreacher!" wailed hermione, who was crying
"oh, don't you see now how sick it is, the way they've got to obey?"kreacher c stop, stop!" shouted harry
"how could you?"it was easy," said harry
don't look at me like that!" he snapped at hermione
"who was this woman?" asked harry
"oh, don't start that again!" sighed hermione
"er wohnt hier nicht mehr!" she cried, shaking her head
she tried to shield them with her arms. there was a flash of green light c"harry! harry!"he opened his eyes; he had sunk to the floor
harry, open up!"he had shouted out, he knew it
what were you doing?" asked hermione sternly
"you never really tried!" she said hotly
"would you like it?"i c no c i'm sorry, harry
what did we just go through all that for? the locket! where's the locket?"you got it?" shouted ron, raising himself a little higher on his pillows
better?" asked hermione
so where next?" was his constant refrain
"hagrid's not an oaf!" said hermione shrilly
"so, would he have hidden the sword well away from hogsmeade, then? what d'you reckon, ron? ron?"harry looked around
what's the problem?" asked harry
"harry? what do you think? harry?"she tugged at this arm, but harry was not paying attention
maybe you can't rebuild it?" harry replied
you're not going to go inside? it looks unsafe, it might c oh, harry, look!"his touch on the gate seemed to have done it
mrs. c miss c bagshot?" he said, and his voice shook slightly
"who is this?"but she only stared at him
lumos!"the wand sparked feebly, then went out
"that's why you jumped in, right?"yeah," said harry
"how are you going to open it?" asked ron
"don't listen to it!" harry said harshly
"what do you mean? who c?"she saw ron, who stood there holding the sword and dripping onto the threadbare carpet
hermione!" said harry
and it went? just like that?" she whispered
so where do you think the elder wand is now?" asked ron
what about the cloak, though?" said ron slowly
"where's luna?"excuse me?"where's luna?"xenophilius halted on the top step
do you trust me harry?"harry nodded
it's in here! he left me the ring c it's in the snitch!"you c you reckon?"he could not understand why ron looked taken aback
"but that's lee jordan!" said hermione
"we know you're in there! you've got half a dozen wands pointing at you and we don't care who we curse!"
what's your name?" snarled greyback
"and what about you, ginger?"stan shunpike
dean?"it is you! if they find out who they've got -! they're snatchers, they're only looking for truants to sell for gold c "not a bad little haul for one night
how do we get in? they're locked, greyback, i can't c blimey!"he whipped his hands away in fright
well, draco?" said lucius malfoy
what did you do to him?" lucius asked greyback
"yes c yes, she was in madam malkin's with potter! i saw her picture in the prophet! look, draco, isn't it the granger girl?"i
ron, we need to work out a way c "hermione! hermione!"we need a plan, stop yelling c we need to get these ropes off c "harry?" came a whisper through the darkness
"where is she?"ron's taken her inside," said bill
how are you?" harry asked hermione
"and this holds true for all wands, does it?" asked harry
"it is true?" harry asked hermione
sorry, but what is a diadem?" asked ron
i think she might be dead!" he shouted with delight
you're the gray lady?"she nodded but did not speak
"you're her daughter? but then, you must know what happed to it
"you c you did what?"i stole the diadem
"have you seen remus?" tonks called after him
where's ginny?" he said sharply
lily, don't do it!" shrieked the elder of the two
lily, come on, we're leaving!" she said shrilly
you'll stay with me?"until the very end," said james
they won't be able to see you?" asked harry
then a voice yelled: "harry! no!"he turned: hagrid was bound and trussed, tied to a tree nearby
no! no! harry, what're yeh c?"quiet!" shouted rowle, and with a flick of his wand, hagrid was silenced
my dear boy, i have no idea. this is, as they say, your party
"harry c where's harry?" chaos reigned
parked all right, then?" ron asked harry
our teddy! teddy lupin! snogging our victoire! our cousin! and i asked teddy what he was doing c"you interrupted them?" said ginny
see you later, al. watch out for the thestrals
