was this normal cat behavior? mr. dursley wondered
but how in the name of heaven did harry survive?" "we can only guess," said dumbledore
"and i don't suppose you're going to tell me why you're here, of all places?" "i've come to bring harry to his aunt and uncle
harry potter come and live here!" "it's the best place for him," said dumbledore firmly
famous before he can walk and talk! famous for something he won't even remember! cara you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away from all that until he's ready to take it?" professor mcgonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, "yes  yes, you're right, of course
"is that where -?" whispered professor mcgonagall
"couldn't you do something about it, dumbledore?" "even if i could, i wouldn't
"shhh!" hissed professor mcgonagall, "you'll wake the muggles!" "s-s-sorry," sobbed hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it
"he always sp- spoils everything!" he shot harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother's arms. just then, the doorbell rang  "oh, good lord, they're here!" said aunt petunia frantically  and a moment later, dudley's best friend, piers polkiss, walked in with his mother
"who'd be writing to you?" sneered uncle vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it
"where's my letter?" said harry, the moment uncle vernon had squeezed through the door
"who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?" dudley asked harry in amazement
"daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" dudley asked aunt petunia dully late that afternoon
"i've already got us some rations," said uncle vernon, "so all aboard!" it was freezing in the boat
"knew! of course we knew! how could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that-that school-and came home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups into rats
i was the only one who saw her for what she was  a freak! but for my mother and father, oh no, it was lily this and lily that, they were proud of having a witch in the family!" she stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on
"but what happened to vol, sorry  i mean, you-know-who?" "good question, harry
a wizard? him? how could he possibly be? he'd spent his life being clouted by dudley, and bullied by aunt petunia and uncle vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard? if he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come dudley had always been able to kick him around like a football? "hagrid," he said quietly, "i think you must have made a mistake
"d'yeh think yer parents didn't leave yeh anything?" "but if their house was destroyed " "they didn' keep their gold in the house, boy! nah, first stop fer us is gringotts
"there's a ministry of magic?" harry asked, before he could stop himself
not only was hagrid twice as tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like parking meters and saying loudly, "see that, harry? things these muggles dream up, eh?" "hagrid," said harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say there are dragons at gringotts?" "well, so they say," said hagrid
"professor quirrell!" said hagrid
griphook!" griphook was yet another goblin
"what's the you-know-what in vault seven hundred and thirteen?" harry asked
"vault seven hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go more slowly?" "one speed only," said griphook
"play quidditch at all?" "no," harry said again, wondering what on earth quidditch could be
he's a sort of servant, isn't he?" "he's the gamekeeper," said harry
"i really don't think they should let the other sort in, do you? they're just not the same, they've never been brought up to know our ways
when they had left the shop, he said, "hagrid, what's quidditch?" "blimey, harry, i keep forgettin' how little yeh know  not knowin' about quidditch!" "don't make me feel worse," said harry
"vol-, sorry - you-know-who was at hogwarts?" "years an' years ago," said hagrid
hagrid whooped and clapped and mr. ollivander cried, "oh, bravo! yes, indeed, oh, very good
how can they expect great things? i'm famous and i can't even remember what i'm famous for
magic carpets all got punctures, have they?" harry didn't say anything
your platform should be somewhere in the middle, but they don't seem to have built it yet, do they?" he was quite right, of course
"nine and three-quarters!" piped a small girl, also red-headed, who was holding her hand, "mom, can't i go
"the thing is  the thing is, i don't know how to " "how to get onto the platform?" she said kindly, and harry nodded
"want a hand?" it was one of the red-haired twins he'd followed through the barrier
"what's that?" said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at harry's lightning scar
"aaah, has ickle ronnie got somefink on his nosie?" said one of the twins
if i get one more owl telling me you've  you've blown up a toilet or " "blown up a toilet? we've never blown up a toilet
"harry," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves? fred and george weasley
"you said you-know-who's name!" said ron, sounding both shocked and impressed
"weird!" harry stared as dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile
"that's the house vol-, i mean, you-know-who was in?" "yeah," said ron
"what has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and ron picking up scabbers by his tail
"you've met malfoy before?" harry explained about their meeting in diagon alley
"no more'n four to a boat!" hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore
"right then  forward!" and the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as glass
"trevor!" cried neville blissfully, holding out his hands
"boot, terry!" "ravenclaw!" the table second from the left clapped this time; several ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with terry as he joined them
"finch-fletchley, justin!" "hufflepuff!" sometimes, harry noticed, the hat shouted out the house at once, but at others it took a little while to decide
"granger, hermione!" hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head
percy the prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the weasley twins yelled, "we got potter! we got potter!" harry sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff he'd seen earlier
"who's that teacher talking to professor quirrell?" he asked percy
"i think hermione does, though, why don't you try her?" a few people laughed; harry caught seamus's eye, and seamus winked
"you  potter  why didn't you tell him not to add the quills? thought he'd make you look good if he got it wrong, did you? that's another point you've lost for gryffindor
can i come and meet hagrid with you?" at five to three they left the castle and made their way across the grounds
"another weasley, eh?" said hagrid, glancing at ron's freckles
"why should he?" yet harry couldn't help thinking that hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes when he said that
"hagrid!" said harry, "that gringotts break-in happened on my birthday! it might've been happening while we were there!" there was no doubt about it, hagrid definitely didn't meet harry's eyes this time
"what's going on?" "malfoy's got my remembrall, professor
"stick out your right hand over your broom," called madam hooch at the front, "and say 'up!"' "upf everyone shouted
"come back, boy!" she shouted, but neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle  twelve feet  twenty feet
"look!" said malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass
"i think i'll leave it somewhere for longbottom to find  how about  up a tree?" "give it here!" harry yelled, but malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off
"catch it if you can, then!" he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground
"excuse me, professor flitwick, could i borrow wood for a moment?" wood? thought harry, bewildered; was wood a cane she was going to use on him? but wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of flitwicles class looking confused
"midnight all right? we'll meet you in the trophy room; that's always unlocked
"and what if i wave my wand and nothing happens?" "throw it away and punch him on the nose," ron suggested
"go back to bed!" "i almost told your brother," hermione snapped, "percy  he's a prefect, he'd put a stop to this
"thank goodness you found me! i've been out here for hours, i couldn't remember the new password to get in to bed
"wandering around at midnight, ickle firsties? tut, tut, tut
"what do they think they're doing, keeping a thing like that locked up in a school?" said ron finally
"a nimbus two thousand!" ron moaned enviously
"so i suppose you think that's a reward for breaking rules?" came an angry voice from just behind them
follow me?" "the chasers throw the quaffle and put it through the hoops to score," harry recited
"wingardium leviosa!" he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill
"everyone see here, miss granger's done it!" ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class
why should he be afraid of snape? getting up, he told ron and hermione he was going to ask snape if he could have it
"how are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?" harry tried to shut the door quietly, but  "potter!" snape's face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg
"he tried to get past that three-headed dog at halloween! that's where he was going when we saw him  he's after whatever it's guarding! and id bet my broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!" hermione's eyes were wide
"hagrid!" ron and hermione squeezed together to give hagrid enough space to join them
"all right there, harry?" he had time to yell, as he beat the bludger furiously toward marcus flint
"in soccer you get shown the red card and you're out of the game!" "but this isn't soccer, dean," ron reminded him
"did something happen to it when flint blocked him?" seamus whispered
"i've got the snitch!" he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion
"fluffy?" "yeah  he's mine  bought him off a greek chappie i met in the pub las' year  i lent him to dumbledore to guard the "yes?" said harry eagerly
"ah, hagrid, the last tree  put it in the far corner, would you?" the hall looked spectacular
go on  out!" wishing he'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, harry left the library
who had sent the cloak? had it really once belonged to his father? before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and fred and george weasley bounded in
should harry wake him? something held him back  his father's cloak  he felt that this time  the first time  he wanted to use it alone
have some bacon or something, why aren't you eating anything?" harry couldn't eat
"can you see all your family standing around you?" "no  i'm alone  but i'm different  i look older  and i'm head boy!" "what?" "i am  i'm wearing the badge like bill used to  and i'm holding the house cup and the quidditch cup  i'm quidditch captain, too
"do you think this mirror shows the future?" "how can it? all my family are dead  let me have another look " "you had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time
"you're only holding the quidditch cup, what's interesting about that? i want to see my parents
"quick!" ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of mrs. norris came round the door
ron and harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thing  did the cloak work on cats? after what seemed an age, she turned and left
"now, can you think what the mirror of erised shows us all?" harry shook his head
"snape's refereeing?" he spluttered through a mouthful of mud
"what happened?" hermione asked him, leading him over to sit with harry and ron
"the dog must be guarding flamel's sorcerer's stone! i bet he asked dumbledore to keep it safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it, that's why he wanted the stone moved out of gringotts!" "a stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying!" said harry
"even  blimey  dumbledore's come to watch!" harry's heart did a somersault
"don' go shoutin' about it, what's the matter with yeh?" "there are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said harry, "about what's guarding the stone apart from fluffy " "shhhh!" said hagrid again
aren't you, hagrid?" said harry anxiously
"isn't he beautiful?" hagrid murmured
"it bit me!" he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a bloody handkerchief
"she'll have charlie's answer!" the three of them put their heads together to read the note
"mommy will never forget you!" how they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never knew
"nearly there!" harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower
"fifty?" harry gasped  they would lose the lead, the lead he'd won in the last quidditch match
"they've never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?" said harry miserably
"could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?" harry asked
"a werewolf?" harry suggested
"were you going to shoot me?" "can't be too careful, ronan," said hagrid, patting his crossbow
"well, if either of you do see anythin', let me know, won't yeh? we'll be off, then
"aaaaaaaaaargh!" malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted  so did fang
"do you not understand why it was killed? or have the planets not let you in on that secret? i set myself against what is lurking in this forest, bane, yes, with humans alongside me if i must
mr. potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment?" "the sorcerer's stone! of course  the elixir of life! but i don't understand who " "can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power, who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?" it was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around harry's heart
"and did he  did he seem interested in fluffy?" harry asked, try ing to keep his voice calm
"forget i said it! hey  where're yeh goin'?" harry, ron, and hermione didn't speak to each other at all until they came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds
"why?" harry swallowed  now what? "it's sort of secret," he said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because professor mcgonagall's nostrils flared
and gryffindor really can't afford to lose any more points, can it?" harry flushed
"i suppose you think you're harder to get past than a pack of enchantments!" she stormed
"i'll  i'll fight you!" "neville, "ron exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot " "don't you call me an idiot!" said neville
"petrificus totalus!" she cried, pointing it at neville
are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?" he rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them
"are you a witch or not?" "oh, right!" said hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on snape at the plant
"we've got to close in on it!" harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing
"you are sure which is which, aren't you?" "positive," said hermione
"\why do you think he wanted to referee your next match? he was trying to make sure i didn't do it again
"liar!" harry shouted suddenly
quirrell screamed and tried to throw harry off  the pain in harry's head was building  he couldn't see  he could only hear quirrell's terrible shrieks and voldemort's yells of, "kill him! kill him!" and other voices, maybe in harry's own head, crying, "harry! harry!" he felt quirrell's arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, down
but why would he want to kill me in the first place?" dumbledore sighed very deeply this time
ah! bettie bott's every flavor beans! i was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomitflavored one, and since then i'm afraid i've rather lost my liking for them  but i think i'll be safe with a nice toffee, don't you?" he smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth
"it's not a stoat sandwich, is it?" said harry anxiously, and at last hagrid gave a weak chuckle
d'yeh like it?" harry couldn't speak, but hagrid understood
"there he is, mom, there he is, look!" it was ginny weasley, ron's younger sister, but she wasn't pointing at ron
"harry potter!" she squealed
"i didn't mean -" "what have i told you," thundered his uncle, spraying spit over the table, "about saying the `m' word in our house?" "but i -" "how dare you threaten dudley!" roared uncle vernon, pounding the table with his fist
petunia, any ideas?" "vernon tells me you're a wonderful golfer, mr. mason
dudley?" "how about -'we had to write an essay about our hero at school, mr. mason, and i wrote about you
"harry potter!" said the creature in a high-pitched voice harry was sure would carry down the stairs
"your family?" "the wizard family dobby serves, sir
if they ever knew, sir _" "but won't they notice if you shut your ears in the oven door?" "dobby doubts it, sir
"harry potter is valiant and bold! he has braved so many dangers already! but dobby has come to protect harry potter, to warn him, even if he does have to shut his ears in the oven door later
two seconds later harry, heart thudding madly, heard uncle vernon coming into the hall, calling, "dudley must have left his television on again, the little tyke!" "quick! in the closet!" hissed harry, stuffing dobby in, shutting the door, and flinging himself onto the bed just as the door handle turned
one more sound and you'll wish you'd never been born, boy!" he stomped flat-footed from the room
dobby did it for the best - " "have you been stopping my letters?" "dobby has them here, sir," said the elf
"give me my friends' letters!" "then harry potter leaves dobby no choice," said the elf sadly
"petunia!" roared uncle vernon
"he's getting away! he's getting away!" but the weasleys gave a gigantic tug and harry's leg slid out of uncle vernon's grasp - harry was in the car - he'd slammed the door shut "put your foot down, fred!" yelled ron, and the car shot suddenly toward the moon
"so he wouldn't even tell you who's supposed to be plotting all this stuff?" "i don't think he could," said harry
"you could do with taking a leaf out of percy's book!" yelled mrs. weasley, prodding a finger in fred's chest
he raised the gnome above his head ("gerroff me!") and started to swing it in great circles like a lasso
* "errol!" said ron, taking the limp owl from percy and extracting a letter from under its wing
"we're on vacation! - 'and we're going to london next wednesday to buy my new books
why don't we meet in diago n alley? "`let me know what's happening as soon as you can
"but how did you get to diagon alley to buy your school things last year?" "i went on the underground -" "really?" said mr. weasley eagerly
"were there escapators? how exactly -" "not now, arthur," said mrs. weasley
"the right what?" said harry nervously as the fire roared and whipped george out of sight, too
"what's the good of that if i'm not on the house team?" said malfoy, looking sulky and bad-tempered
"ha!" said harry under his breath, pleased to see draco looking both abashed and angry
"what happened to your glasses? hello, hagrid - oh, it's wonderful to see you two again - are you coming into gringotts, harry?" "as soon as i've found the weasleys," said harry
"see yer at hogwarts!" and he strode away, head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street
"guess who i saw in borgin and burkes?" harry asked ron and hermione as they climbed the gringotts steps
"did lucius malfoy buy anything?" said mr. weasley sharply behind them
molly, look!" he pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in mr. granger's hand
"and not one step down knockturn alley!" she shouted at the twins' retreating backs
"i'll buy my own -" "bet you loved that, didn't you, potter?" said a voice harry had no trouble recognizing
what if mum and dad can't get back through to us? have you got any muggle money?" and they marched off through the crowd of curious muggles, out of the station and back onto the side road where the old ford anglia was parked
"right ahead - there!" the hogwarts express was streaking along below them like a scarlet snake
why hadn't they been able to get onto platform nine and three-quarters? "can't be much further, can it?" croaked ron, hours later still, as the sun started to sink into their floor of cloud, staining it a deep pink
"dad'll kill me!" but the car disappeared from view with one last snort from its exhaust
"can you believe our luck?" said ron miserably, bending down to pick up scabbers
"in!" he said, opening a door halfway down the cold passageway and pointing
"oh, hello there!" he called, beaming around at the assembled students
yes, yes, i know what you're thinking! 'it's all right for him, he's an in ternationally famous wizard already!' but when i was twelve, i was just as much of a nobody as you are now
"what've we got this afternoon?" said harry, hastily changing the subject
"a picture?" harry repeated blankly
i didn't get rid of the bandon banshee by smiling at her!" he waited for them to laugh; a few people smiled weakly
what is gilderoy lockhart 's favorite color?
"excellent!" beamed lockhart
"and you're the gryffindor seeker, aren't you?" said colin in awe
"why couldn't you have told us all this yesterday when we were awake?" wood wasn't pleased
"aren't you finished yet?" called ron incredulously
"i booked the field for today! we'll see about this!" wood shot toward the ground, landing rather harder than he meant to in his anger, staggering slightly as he dismounted
"watch it!" hagrid roared, pulling ron away from his precious pumpkins
"what're we doing, professor?" said ron, nervously suppressing a burp
"you can address the envelopes!" lockhart told harry, as though this was a huge treat
"d'you think he was lying? but i don't get it - even someone invisible would've had to open the door
nearly headless nick took several deep breaths and then said, in a far calmer tone, "so - what's bothering you? anything i can do?" "no," said harry
but as filch lowered his quill, there was a great bang! on the ceiling of the office, which made the oil lamp rattle
hundreds of witches and wizards have benefited from the kwikspell method! madam z
why on earth did filch want a kwikspell course? did this mean he wasn't a proper wizard? harry was just reading "lesson one: holding your wand (some useful tips)" when shuffling footsteps outside told him filch was coming back
"thought it might distract him -" "was that you?" said harry gratefully
"i bet there aren't many living people who can say they've been to one of those - it'll be fascinating!"
"turn back, turn back, i don't want to talk to moaning myrtle -" "who?" said harry as they backtracked quickly
"nibbles?" he said sweetly, offering them a bowl of peanuts covered in fungus
he took a deep breath and bellowed, "oy! myrtle!" "oh, no, peeves, don't tell her what i said, she'll be really upset," hermione whispered frantically
"bet he asked you to say that!" "if i could have everyone's attention, it's time for my speech!" said nearly headless nick loudly, striding toward the podium and climbing into an icy blue spotlight
"listen!" said harry urgently, and ron and hermione froze, watching him
"what's that thing - hanging underneath?" said ron, a slight quiver in his voice
the wrtiting on the wall what's going on here? what's going on?" attracted no doubt by malfoy's shout, argus filch came shouldering his way through the crowd
"ask him!" shrieked filch, turning his blotched and tearstained face to harry
"it would take dark magic of the most advanced -" "he did it, he did it!" filch spat, his pouchy face purpling
"you saw what he wrote on the wall! he found - in my office - he knows i'm a - i'm a -" filch's face worked horribly
why was he in the upstairs corridor at all? why wasn't he at the halloween feast?" harry, ron and hermione all launched into an explanation about the deathday party
"without any supper?" said snape, a triumphant smile flickering across his gaunt face
"d'you think i should have told them about that voice i heard?" "no," said ron, without hesitation
something in ron's voice made harry ask, "you do believe me, don't you?" "'course i do," said ron quickly
what's that supposed to mean?" "you know, it rings a sort of bell," said ron slowly
"hiya, harry!" "hullo, colin," said harry automatically
"we wanted to ask -" "i wish people would stop talking behind my back!" said myrtle, in a voice choked with tears
"you heard him - `you'll be next, mudbloods!'- come on, you've only got to look at his foul rat face to know it's him -" "malfoy, the heir of slytherin?" said hermione skeptically
"homework - compose a poem about my defeat of the wagga wagga werewolf! signed copies of magical me to the author of the best one!" the class began to leave
"ready?" harry muttered
"yes, nice, isn't it?" he said, misreading the revolted look on ron's face
"tomorrow's the first quidditch match of the season, i believe? gryffindor against slytherin, is it not? i hear you're a useful player
let's ask for an inquiry -)) "if we stop now, we'll have to forfeit the match!" said harry
"and we're not losing to slytherin just because of a crazy bludger! come on, oliver, tell them to leave me alone!" "this is all your fault," george said angrily to wood
"and it doesn't hurt anymore, does it, harry?" "no," said harry, getting into bed
"if it's got bits of slytherins in it? you've got to be joking," said ron
dobby mopped his bulging eyes and said suddenly, "harry potter must go home! dobby thought his bludger would be enough to make -" "your bludger?" said harry, anger rising once more
"what does this mean, albus?" professor mcgonagall asked urgently
who?" "the question is not who," said dumbledore, his eyes on colin
"you gave us such a fright - come in how's your arm?" "fine," said harry, squeezing into the stall
"what can he do?" "knowing snape, something foul," said harry as the potion frothed and bubbled
"first meeting tonight! i wouldn't mind dueling lessons; they might come in handy one of these days
"i wonder who'll be teaching us?" said hermione as they edged into the chattering crowd
lockhart waved an arm for silence and called ' "gather round, gather round! can everyone see me? can you all hear me? excellent! "now, professor dumbledore has granted me permission to start this little dueling club, to train you all in case you ever need to defend yourselves as i myself have done on countless occasions - for full details, see my published works
now, i don't want any of you youngsters to worry - you'll still have your potions master when i'm through with him, never fear!" "wouldn't it be good if they finished each other off?" ron muttered in harry's ear
harry looked up nervously at lockhart and said, "professor, could you show me that blocking thing again?" "scared?" muttered malfoy, so that lockhart couldn't hear him
"what's wrong with everyone? listen, if i hadn't told that snake not to attack justin -" "oh, that's what you said to it?" "what d'you mean? you were there - you heard me -" "i heard you speaking parseltongue," said ron
"d'you want to tell me what's wrong with stopping a massive snake biting off justin's head?" he said
i wonder what other powers potter's been hiding?" harry couldn't take anymore
"then you noticed that after i spoke to it, the snake backed off?" said harry
"why aren't yeh in class?" "canceled," said harry, getting up
"why, it's potty wee potter!" cackled peeves, knocking harry's glasses askew as he bounced past him
then a small voice said in his ear, "bee in your bonnet, harry potter?" "er, yes," harry muttered
"you do want to investigate malfoy, don't you?" "oh, all right, all right," said harry
but luckily, we've got our own secret chamber under the drawing-room floor -" "ho!" said ron
"hermione, come out, we've got loads to tell you -" "go away!" hermione squeaked
"m-millicent bulstrode m-must have a cat! and the p-potion isn't supposed to be used for animal transformations!" "uh-oh," said ron
"i don't suppose you've got any new leads?" she added in a whisper, so that madam pomfrey couldn't hear her
"you don't think someone else's been attacked?" said ron tensely
"who's that?" glugged myrtle miserably
she tapped the diary three times and said, "aparecium!" nothing happened
wash away the memories of last term! i won't say any more just now, but i think i know just the thing
"what's going on?" harry asked them, sitting down and wiping confetti off his bacon
"happy valentine's day!" lockhart shouted
"they will be roving around the school today delivering your valentines! and the fun doesn't stop here! i'm sure my colleagues will want to enter into the spirit of the occasion! why not ask professor snape to show you how to whip up a love potion! and while you're at it, professor flitwick knows more about entrancing enchantments than any wizard i've ever met, the sly old dog!" professor flitwick buried his face in his hands
how did you come by my diary?" these words, too, faded away, but not before harry had started to scribble back
" "what do you mean?" harry scrawled, blotting the page in his excitement
do you know anything about the chamber of secrets?" his heart was hammering
what did riddle mean? how could he be taken inside somebody else's memory? he glanced nervously at the door to the dormitory, which was ** growing dark
surely you want to go home for the holidays?" "no," said riddle at once
"riddle, do you mean you know something about these attacks?" "no, sir," said riddle quickly
"what are you doing, wandering around this late, tom?" harry gaped at the wizard
"but that's very important!" said hermione, shocked
"is there anything missing?" harry started to pick up all his things and throw them into his trunk
"but why's she got to go to the library?" "because that's what hermione does," said ron, shrugging
"d'you think they suspect hagrid?" "we've got to go and talk to him," said harry, making up his mind
how many attacks have there been now? two more this afternoon, wasn't it? at this rate, there'll be no muggle-borns left at hogwarts, and we all know what an awful loss that would be to the school
'an' how many did yeh have ter threaten an' blackmail before they agreed, malfoy, eh?" he roared
"we weren't there, remember?" harry muttered
"what d'you reckon?" harry said to ron, whose eyes he could just make out, reflecting the light from his wand
"what?" said ron loudly, looking around into the pitch-dark, and gripping harry's elbow very hard
"it's already heard fang!" the darkness seemed to be pressing on their eyeballs as they
"in trouble?" said the aged spider, and harry thought he heard concern beneath the clicking pincers
you didn't come from the chamber of secrets?" said harry, who could feel cold sweat on his forehead
"i!" said aragog, clicking angrily
"so you never - never attacked anyone?" "never," croaked the old spider
"we do not name it! i never even told hagrid the name of that dread creature, though he asked me, many times
"that's exactly hagrid's problem!" said ron, thumping the wall of the cabin
"what was the point of sending us in there? what have we found out, id like to know?" "that hagrid never opened the chamber of secrets," said harry, throwing the cloak over ron and prodding him in the arm to make him walk
`exams?" howled seamus finnigan
what had he learned so far this year? he couldn't seem to think of anything that would be useful in an exam
"you've caught the heir of slytherin!" squealed a girl at the ravenclaw table
"quidditch matches are back on!" roared wood excitedly
"she was just about to tell us some-' thing important!" halfway through a gulp of tea, percy choked
"should we go straight to mcgonagall?" "let's go to the staff room," said harry, jumping up
"yes, didn't you tell me you were sure you knew what was inside it?" piped up professor flitwick
he had never tried to break apart anything as large as these rocks by magic, and now didn't seem a good moment to try - what if the whole tunnel caved in? there was another thud and another "ow!" from behind the rocks
could the basilisk be lurking in a shadowy corner, behind a pillar? and where was ginny? he pulled out his wand and moved forward between the serpentine columns
but there was no mistaking him "tom - tom riddle?" riddle nodded, not taking his eyes off harry's face
"we've got to go! if the basilisk comes -" "it won't come until it is called," said riddle calmly
"what d'you mean, i won't be -?" "i've waited a long time for this, harry potter," said riddle
the basilisk had swept the sorting hat into harry's arms. harry seized it
"ginny's okay! i've got her!" he heard ron give a strangled cheer, and they turned the next bend to see his eager face staring through the sizable gap he had managed to make in the rock fall
"where's lockhart?" "back there," said ron, still looking puzzled but jerking his head up the tunnel toward the pipe
"urgh!" said ron as they left the bathroom for the dark, deserted corridor outside
has she?" "it was this diary," said harry quickly, picking it up and showing it to dumbledore
professor lockhart " "am i a professor?" said lockhart in mild surprise
"have you caught the culprit?" "we have," said dumbledore, with a smile
"who is it?" "the same person as last time, lucius," said dumbledore
"what did you say?" "got a sock," said dobby in disbelief
the dark lord, before he changed his name, could be freely named, you see?" "right," said harry weakly
"ginny - what did you see percy doing, that he didn't want you to tell anyone?" "oh, that," said ginny, giggling
call me at the dursleys', okay? i can't stand another two months with only dudley to talk to
dear harry, happy birthday! look, i' really sorry about that telephone call
i'm on holiday in france at the moment and i didn't know how i was going to send this to you  what if they'd opened it at customs?  but then hedwig turned up! i think she wanted to make sure you got something for your birthday for a change
if not, i'll see you on the hogwarts express on september first! love from hermione p
"wow, hermione!" harry whispered, unzipping the case to look inside
"you didn't tell us where that maniac's escaped from! \what use is that? lunatic could be coming up the street right now!" aunt petunia, who was bony and horse-faced, whipped around and peered intently out of the kitchen window
"do something about your hair!" aunt petunia snapped as he reached the hall
"petunia!" shouted aunt marge, striding past harry as though he was a hat stand
"marge!" squealed aunt petunia
"can i tempt you, marge?" aunt marge had already had quite a lot of wine
"as i expected!" said aunt marge, taking a huge swig of brandy and wiping her chin on her sleeve
what, was going to happen to him? would he be arrested, or would he simply be outlawed from the wizarding world? he thought of ron and hermione, and his heart sank even lower
"he murdered thirteen people?" said harry, handing the page back to stan, "with one curse?" "yep," said stan, "in front of witnesses an' all
"'choo say 'is name for?" "sorry," said harry hastily
"never been a breakout from azkaban before, 'as there, ern? beats me 'ow 'e did it
frightenin', eh? mind, i don't fancy 'is chances against them azkaban guards, eh, ern?" ernie suddenly shivered
"what didja call neville, minister?" he said excitedly
"neville?" he repeated, frowning
"the decree for the restriction of underage wizardry!" "oh, my dear boy, we're not going to punish you for a little thing like that!" cried fudge, waving his crumpet impatiently
"it was an accident! we don't send people to azkaban just for blowing up their aunts!" but this didn't tally at all with harry's past dealings with the ministry of magic
surely you don't want to be expelled?" "of course i don't," said harry
i don't want you wandering off into muggle london, all right? keep to diagon alley
d'you think you could ?" fudge was looking uncomfortable
"did you really blow up your aunt, harry?" said hermione in a very serious voice
"excellent!" said harry happily
"what about those monster books, eh? the assistant nearly cried when we said we wanted two
"what's all that, hermione?" harry asked, pointing at not one but three bulging bags in the chair next to her
"are you planning to eat or sleep at all this year, hermione?" asked harry, while ron sniggered
"what powers does he have?" said the witch, examining scabbers closely
now that scabbers was out of sight, however, the cat was purring contentedly in hermione's arms. "herinione, that thing nearly scalped me!" said ron
"how are you?" "fine, thanks," said harry as he, ron, and hermione joined mr. weasley with a their shopping
"very well, thanks " "harry!" said fred, elbowing percy out of the way and bowing deeply
"yo u want to set a better example for your sister!" snapped mrs. weasley
"i think i might've left it in the bar " "you're not going anywhere till you've found my badge!" yelled percy
"not happy? why shouldn't he be happy, if they're there to catch black?" "dumbledore isn't fond of the azkaban guards," said mr. weasley heavily
"ah, there's penelope!" said percy, smoothing his hair and going pink again
"wonder what he teaches?" said ron, frowning at professor lupin's pallid profile
"there's only one vacancy, isn't there? defense against the dark arts
"how thick would harry have to be, to go looking for a nutter who wants to kill him?" said ron shakily
"were you doing anything untrustworthy at the time?" said hermione shrewdly
"won't it be nice to get out of school for a bit and explore hogsmeade?" "'spect it will," said harry heavily
"did your mother die of shock?" ron stood up so quickly he knocked crookshanks's basket to the floor
"who's that?" said malfoy, taking an automatic step backward as he spotted lupin
"are you sure you're okay, harry?" said hermione, watching harry anxiously
"did you feel how cold it got when it came in?" i felt weird," said ron, shifting his shoulders uncomfortably
why had he gone to pieces like that, when no one else had? professor lupin had come back
"are you all right, harry?" harry didn't ask how professor lupin knew his name
"you fainted, potter? is longbottorn telling the truth? you actualy fainted?" malfoy elbowed past hermione to block harry's way up the stone steps to the castle, his face gleeful and his pale eyes glinting maliciously
"so we've finally got a defense against the dark arts teacher who knows his remedies?" "are you sure you feel all right, potter?" professor mcgonagall said sharply
"hey, potter!" shrieked pansy parkinson, a slytherin girl with a face like a pug
"potter! the dementors are coming, potter! woooooooooo!" harry dropped into a seat at the gryffindor table, next to george weasley
"get back, you scurvy braggart! back, you rogue!" the knight seized his sword again and used it to push himself back up, but the blade sank deeply into the grass and, though he pulled with all his might, he couldn't get it out again
"is your grandmother well?" "i think so," said neville tremulously
"hasn'  hasn' anyone bin able ter open their books?" said hagrid, looking crestfallen
"really witty, giving us books that try and rip our hands off!" "shut up, malfoy," said harry quietly
"gee up, there!" he roared, shaking the chains and urging the creatures toward the fence where the class stood
"hippogriffs!" hagrid roared happily, waving a hand at them
"beau'iful, aren' they?" harry could sort of see what hagrid meant
"i reckon he might' let yeh ride him!" this was more than harry had bargained for
"good work, harry!" roared hagrid as everyone except malfoy, crabbe, and goyle cheered
i bet you're not dangerous at all, are you?" he said to the hippogriff
"that was a really bad thing to happen in hagrid's first class, though, wasn't it?" said ron, looking worried
"it's all malfoy's fault, hagrid!" said hermione earnestly
"what's he done?" said harry nervously as hermione came back in with the empty tankard
"what d'yeh think you're doin', eh?" he roared, so suddenly that they jumped a foot in the air
"how is it, draco?" simpered pansy parkinson
"what, malfoy? need something else skinned?" but malfoy's eyes were shining malevolently, and they were fixed harry
"want to leave it to the dementors, do you? but if it was me, i'd want revenge
"what did malfoy mean?" harry muttered to ron as he stuck his hands under the icy jet that poured from the gargoyle's mouth "why would i want revenge on black? he hasn't done anything to me  yet
"what?" hermione looked slightly confused
"couldn't hold these for me, could you?" "but " ron was turning over the books she had handed him, looking at the covers
he raised the wand to shoulder height, said, "waddiwasi! "and pointed it at peeves
riddikulus!" "riddikulus!" said the class together
"can you picture those clothes very clearly, neville? can you see them in your mind's eye?" "yes," said neville uncertainty, plainly wondering what was coming next
"everyone ready?" said professor lupin
"one two  three  now!" a jet of sparks shot from the end of professor lupin's wand and hit the doorknob
"seamus!" roared professor lupin
'it's confused!" shouted lupin
"riddikulus!" yelled dean
crack! the legless spider had vanished
"but i wish i could have had a turn with the boggart " "what would it have been for you?" said ron, sniggering
"look at him!" he said furiously to hermione, dangling scabbers in front of her
"all cats chase rats, ron!" "there's something funny about that animal!" said ron, who was trying to persuade a frantically wiggling scabbers back into his pocket
"it heard me say that scabbers was in my bag!" "oh, what rubbish," said hermione impatiently
"aren't you going to hogsmeade, harry? why not? hey"  colin looked eagerly around at his friends  "you can come and sit with us, if you like, harry!" "er  no, thanks, colin," said harry, who wasn't in the mood to have a lot of people staring avidly at the scar on his forehead
"what was the point waking me up?" the fat lady called grumpily after him as he walked away
"a likely story! sneaking around on your own  why aren't you in hogsmeade buying stink pellets and belch powder and whizzing worms like the rest of your nasty little friends?" harry shrugged
you notice the abnormally long fingers? strong, but very brittle
"what do you mean, peeves?" said dumbledore calmly, and peeves's grin faded a little
"everyone into their sleeping bags!" shouted percy
"do you think black's still in the castle?" hermione whispered anxiously
"why?" "because the castle's protected by more than walls, you know,,, said hermione
"and the fat lady, sir?" "hiding in a map of argyllshire on the second floor
"there's nothing wrong with malfoy's arm!" said harry furiously
"what?" said wood, frowning at this lighthearted behavior
"d'you know what that " (he called snape something that made hermione say "ron!") " is making me do? i've got to scrub out the bedpans in the hospital wing
"why couldn't black have hidden in snape's office, eh? he could have finished him off for us!" harry woke extremely early the next morning; so early that it was till dark
"brilliant!" he called hoarsely after her as she disappeared into the crowd
"harry!" came wood's anguished yell from the gryffindor goal posts
'taster!" but something odd was happening
"harry!" said fred, who looked extremely white underneath, the mud
"how're you feeling?" it was as though harry's memory was on fast forward
"must've been  what  fifty feet?" "we thought you'd died," said alicia, who was shaking
"we didn't  lose?" "diggory got the snitch," said george
was the grim going to haunt him until he actually died? was he going to spend the rest of his life looking over his shoulder for the beast? and then there were the dementors
"it's not fair, he was only filling in, why should he give us homework?" "we don't know anything about werewolves two rolls of parchment!" "did you tell professor snape we haven't covered them yet?" lupin asked, frowning slightly
"i've already finished it!" they had a very enjoyable lesson
"did you hear about the dementors too?" said harry with difficulty
there was a moment's silence, then  "why did they have to come to the match?" said harry bitterly
"how about these?" said ron, shoving a jar of cockroach clusters under hermione's nose
"harry!" squealed hermione
anyway, hermione, the honeydukes owners would hear a break-in, wouldn't they? they live over the shop!" "yes, but but " hermoine seemed to be struggling to find another problem
"merry christmas!" he said happily, raising his tankard
"so, what brings you to this neck of the woods, minister?" came madam rosmerta's voice
"how are we supposed to teach with those horrors floating around?" "hear, hear!" squeaked tiny professor flitwick, whose feet were dangling a foot from the ground
"the worst?" said madam rosmerta, her voice alive with curiosity, "worse than murdering all those poor people, you mean?" "i certainly do," said fudge
"never saw one without the other, did you? the number of times i had them in here  ooh, they used to make me laugh
quite the double act, sirius black and james potter!" harry dropped his tankard with a loud clunk
"you'd have thought black and potter were brothers!" chimed in professor flitwick
"how does that work?" said madam rosmerta, breathless with interest
"he suspected black?" gasped madam rosmerta
he had no choice but to run for it " "filthy, stinkin' turncoat!" hagrid said, so loudly that half the bar went quiet
"shh!" said professor mcgonagall
"but what if i'd given harry to him, eh? i bet he'd 've pitched him off the bike halfway out ter sea
"is it true he's mad, minister?" "i wish i could say that he was," said fudge slowly
"harry?" ron's and hermione's faces appeared under the table
"remember what he said to me in potions? 'if it was me, i'd hunt him down myself
your mum and dad wouldn't want you to get hurt, would they? they'd never want you to go looking for black!" "i'll never know what they'd have wanted, because thanks to black, i've never spoken to them," said harry shortly
"he's not out, is he?" said hermione, who was shivering under her cloak
"ywve heard?" he bellowed, and he flung himself onto harry's neck
"worried abou' buckbeak, an' no one likin' me classes " "we do like them!" lied hermione at once
"er  how are the flobberworms?" "dead," said hagrid gloomily
but how d'yeh explain ter a hippogriff it's gotta go inter hidin'? an' -an' i'm scared o' breakin' the law
"what's that?" said ron, looking over, a freshly unwrapped pair of maroon socks in his hand
"i don't know," said hermione slowly, "but it's a bit odd, isn't it? i mean, this is supposed to be quite a good broom, isn't it?" ron sighed exasperatedly
i forgot about that!" harry said, bending down and picking up the sneakoscope
"sibyll, this is a pleasant surprise!" said dumbledore, standing up
severus, you've made the potion for him again?" "yes, headmaster," said snape
waving aside the information that a famous murderer was after his seeker, wood said, "but black couldn't have bought a firebolt! he's on the run! the whole country's on the lookout for him! how could he just walk into quality quidditch supplies and buy a broomstick?" "i know," said harry, "but mcgonagall still wants to strip it down " wood went pale
"still looks ill, doesn't he?" said ron as they walked down the corridor, heading to dinner
"what d'you reckon's the matter with him?" there was a loud and impatient "tuh" from behind them
a wave of piercing cold broke over him  "expecto patronum!" harry yelled
"butterbeer!" said harry, without thinking
"what's that?" "they call it the dementor's kiss," said lupin, with a slightly twisted smile
"do you really think anyone deserves that?" "yes," said harry defiantly
"i daresay you'll need to get the feel of it before saturday's match, won't you? and potter  do try and win, won't you? or we'll be out of the running for the eighth year
"i've lost the passwords!" neville told them miserably
"i couldn't do that!" said hermione, looking scandalized
"look!" he bellowed, striding over to hermione's table
"first the firebolt, now scabbers, everything's my fault, isn't it! just leave me alone, harry, i've got a lot of work to do!" ron had taken the loss of his rat very hard indeed
"fred!" said ginny indignantly
he was winning, gaining on the snitch with every second  then  "oh!" screamed cho, pointing
"ruddy brilliant!" boomed hagrid over the heads of the milling gryffindors
"the dementors didn't affect me at all!" harry said excitedly
"a low and cowardly attempt to sabotage the gryffindor seeker! detention for all of you, and fifty points from slytherin! i shall be speaking to professor dumbledore about this, make no mistake! ah, here he comes now!" if anything could have set the seal on gryffindor's victory, it was this
"party! gryffindor common room, now!" "right," said harry, and feeling happier than he had in ages, he and the rest of the team led the way, still in their scarlet robes, out of the stadium and back up to the castle
"don't be ridiculous, weasley, how could he possibly have gotten through the portrait hole?" "ask him!" said ron, pointing a shaking finger at the back of sir cadogan's picture
"had the whole week's, my lady! read 'em off a little piece of paper!" professor mcgonagall pulled herself back through the portrait hole to face the stunned crowd
i was asleep, and i heard this ripping noise, and i thought it was in my dream, you know? but then there was this draft
"i'm not blamin' yeh!" said hagrid, waving harry's apology aside
"what d'you reckon?" he added quietly to harry as they went to sit down
"so how about it?" ron said to harry as though there had been no interruption
"want a game of exploding snap?" "er  not now  i was going to go to the library and do that vampire essay for lupin " "i'll come with you!" said neville brightly
"it came from over there!" said malfoy, wiping his face, and staring at a spot some six feet to the left of harry
how long would it take him to find a teacher? panting, a sharp pain in his side, harry didn't slow down until he reached the stone slide
how do you think that could have happened?" harry tried to look mildly surprised
"if he's seeing things like " "what would your head have been doing in hogsmeade, potter?" said snape softly
"like you told " "can anyone confirm that?" harry didn't say anything
his head was so swollen " "shut up!" harry was suddenly on his feet
"turn out your pockets, or we go straight to the headmaster! pull them out, potter!" cold with dread, harry slowly pulled out the bag of zonko's tricks and the marauder's map
"hermione!" ron said again, sounding both stunned and irnpressed
"maybe  maybe she went to the bathroom or something?" but hermione didn't turn up all lesson
"no, i'm not!" said hermione, brushing her hair out of her eyes and staring hopelessly around for her bag
"i just made a mistake, that's all! i'd better go and see professor flitwick and say sorry
"i can't believe i missed cheering charms! and i bet they come up in our exams; professor flitwick hinted they might!" together they climbed the ladder into the dim, stifling tower room
"fine!" she repeated, swinging the bag over her shoulder and almost knocking ron off his chair
"some day hermione's having, eh?" ron muttered to harry, looking awed
"the exams are ages away, what're they playing at?" but nobody had as much to do as hermione
"sorry, didn't see her!" a moment later, fred weasley chucked his beater's club at the back of flint's head
"come on, alicia!" yelled lee into the silence that had descended on the crowd
"yes! she's beaten the keeper! twenty-zero to gryffindor!" harry turned the firebolt sharply to watch flint, still bleeding freely, fly forward to take the slytherin penalty
"'course, wood's a superb keeper!" lee jordan told the crowd as flint waited for madam hooch's whistle
"superb! very difficult to pass  very difficult indeed  yes! i don't believe it! he's saved it!" relieved, harry zoomed away, gazing around for the snitch, but still making sure he caught every word of lee's commentary
"penalty! penalty to gryffindor! i've never seen such tactics
"get out of it, potter!" malfoy yelled in frustration as he tried to turn and found harry blocking him
"sh  she said i'd failed everything!" it took a little while to calm hermione down
"why'd you stop me?" said ron angrily as they entered the great hall for lunch
well, good luck!" she hurried off down the spiral staircase toward lavender
"is there anything wrong, my dear?" "you  you just told me that the  the dark lord's going to rise again
how do you open the witch's hump again?" "you  you tap it and say, 'dissendium,'" said harry
"hermione, i don't know what's gotten, into you lately!" said ron, astounded
"yeh shouldn've come!" hagrid whispered, but he stood back, and they stepped inside
"what are you talking about?" hermione carried the milk jug over to the table and turned it upside down
"how could they?" "come on," said ron, whose teeth seemed to be chattering
harry groped for his wand, blinking blood out of his eyes "lumos!"he whispered
"where does this tunnel come out?" hermione asked breathlessly from behind him
"expelliarmus!"he croaked, pointing ron's wand at them
"no, harry!" hermione gasped in a petrified whisper; ron, however, spoke to black
"did you hear me?" ron said weakly, though he was clinging painfully to harry to stay upright
"you'll have to kill all three of us!" "there'll be only one murder here tonight," said brack, and his grin widened
"the whole story?" harry repeated, a furious pounding in his ears
"we're up here!" hermione screamed suddenly
without telling me?" very slowly, his sunken gaze never leaving lupin's face, black nodded
"he killed him twelve years ago!" he pointed at black, whose face twitched convulsively
sirius, no!" lupin yelled, launching himself forwards and dragging black away from ron again, "wait! you can't do it just like that  they need to understand  we've got to explain " "we can explain afterwards!" snarled black, trying to throw lupin off
"they've  got  a  right  to  know  -everything!" lupin panted, still trying to restrain black
"snape?" said black harshly, taking his eyes off scabbers; for the first time in minutes and looking up at lupin
"you're wondering, perhaps, how i knew you were here?" he said, his eyes glittering
"expelliarmus!" he yelled  except that his wasn't the only voice that shouted
"are you trying to say he broke out of azkaban just to get his hands on scabbers? i mean
"he's been scared of that mad cat!" said ron, nodding toward crookshanks, who was still purring on the bed
"harry," said lupin hurriedly, "don't you see? all this time we've thought sirius betrayed your parents, and peter tracked him down  but it was the other way around, don't you see? peter betrayed your mother and father  sirius tracked peter down " "that's not true!" harry yelled
"what are you going to do with him if i give him to you?" ron asked lupin tensely
"how else did he get out of there? i suppose he-who-must-not-be-named taught him a few tricks!" black started to laugh, a horrible, mirthless laugh that filled the whole room
"professor lupin?" said hermione timidly
you weren't about to commit murder right under albus dumbledore's nose, for a wreck of a wizard who'd lost all of his power, were you? you'd want to be quite sure he was the biggest bully in the playground before you went back to him, wouldn't you? why else did you find a wizard family to take you in? keeping an ear out for news, weren't you, peter? just in case your old protector regained strength, and it was safe to rejoin him
"if you don't mind me asking, how  how did you get out of azkaban, if you didn't use dark magic?" "thank you!" gasped pettigrew, nodding frantically at her
"exactly! precisely what i " but lupin silenced him with a look
"no!" pettigrew had fallen to his knees as though harry's nod had been his own death sentence
"shall we kill him together?" "yes, i think so," said lupin grimly
"how dare you face him? how dare you talk about james in front of him?" "harry," whispered pettigrew, shuffling toward him, hands outstretched
"only innocent lives, peter!" "you don't understand!" whined pettigrew
"died rather than betray your friends, as we would have done for you!" black and lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, wands raised
"harry!" gasped pettigrew, and he flung his arms around harry's knees
did black mean what he thought he meant? "i'll understand, of course, if you want to stay with your aunt and uncle," said black
! "one wrong move, peter," said lupin threateningly ahead
"expecto patronum! hermione, help me! expecto patronum!" "expecto " hermione whispered, "expecto  expecto " but she couldn't do it
"expecto patronum!" harry yelled, trying to blot the screaming from his ears
black's work, i suppose?" "as a matter of fact, it was potter, weasley, and granger, minister
you've really no idea what made them retreat, snape?" "no, minister
"harry, harry, what's this?" said fudge, looking agitated
"oh!" "now, pay attention," said dumbledore, speaking very low, and very clearly
"hermione, what ?" "in here!" hermione seized harry's arm and dragged him across the hall to the door of a broom closet; she opened it, pushed him inside among the buckets and mops, then slammed the door behind them
i've been turning it back so i could do hours over again, that's how i've been doing several lessons at once, see? but
"straight into the forest, all right? we'll have to hide behind a tree or something and keep a lookout " "okay, but we'll go around by the greenhouses!" said hermione breathlessly
"yeh shouldn've come!" hagrid whispered
"if we steal him now, those committee people will think hagrid set him free! we've got to wait until they've seen he's tied outside!" "that's going to give us about sixty seconds," said harry
"beaky!" said hagrid huskily
"someone untied him!" the executioner was snarling
"but what was it?" "there's only one thing it could have been, to make the dementors go," said harry
"who did you think it was?" i think " harry swallowed, knowing how strange this was going to sound
"it's empty now  come on!" they ran as fast as they could, buckbeak cantering along behind them
"shh, fang, it's us!" said hermione, hurrying over and scratching his ears to quieten him
"but if we don't see what's going on, how're we going to know when it's time to rescue sirius?" "well
"expecto patronum! "he yelled
harry was trying to count the windows flashing past  "whoa!" he said, pulling backward as hard as he could
"stand back!" hermione called to him, and she took out her wand, still gripping the back of harry's robes with her left hand
"alohomora!" the window sprang open
"one minute!" they had reached the end of the corridor with the hospital wing entrance
"you can't apparate or disapparate inside this castle! this  has  something  to  do  with  potter!" "severus  be reasonable  harry has been locked up " bam
"what else could have driven the dementors back?" harry told lupin what had happened
"you think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? you think that we don't recall them more clearly than ever in times of great trouble? your father is alive in you, harry, and shows himself most plainly when you have need of him
"wonder what they'll give us next year?" said seamus finnigan gloomily
"that'll be good enough for dumbledore!" said harry happily
"definitely an owl?" crookshanks purred
"what's that?" he snarled, staring at the envelope harry was still clutching in his hand
"lying there with their eyes wide open! cold as ice! still in their dinner things!" the police were summoned, and the whole of little hangleton had seethed with shocked curiosity and ill-disguised excitement
"told you i wouldn't like to get on the wrong side of frank, didn't i, dot?" said an excited woman in the corner
"your lordship is still determined, then?" wormtail said quietly
"my lord, i do not say this out of concern for the boy!" said wormtail, his voice rising squeakily
"i can always tell, wormtail! you are regretting that you ever returned to me
how am i to survive without you, when i need feeding every few hours? who is to milk nagini?" "but you seem so much stronger, my lord " "liar," breathed the second voice
"if? if you follow the plan, wormtail, the ministry need never know that anyone else has died
but i don't reckon he can be anywhere near me now, can he? do you know if curse scars sometimes hurt years afterward? i'll send this with hedwig when she gets back; she's off hunting at the moment
"come here, i need you to take my answer back!" the owl fluttered down on top of hedwig's cage
"what is it, vernon?" but they were left in doubt barely a second longer
"what's going on?" "they - they've tried to get here by floo powder," said harry, fighting a mad desire to laugh
somebody inside the chimney piece said, "shh!" "mr. weasley, it's harry
"they run off eckeltricity, do they?" he said knowledgeably
"incendio!" said mr. weasley, pointing his wand at the hole in the wall behind him
"didn't you hear him?" "it doesn't matter," harry muttered to mr. weasley
"no, really!" said mr. weasley desperately
"now really!" said mr. weasley angrily, brandishing his wand
"you knew he'd eat it, you knew he was on a diet -" "how big did his tongue get?" george asked eagerly
"it was four feet long before his parents would let me shrink it!" harry and the weasleys roared with laughter again
"isn't he, harry?" "yeah, he is, mr. weasley," said harry earnestly
"tell me what, arthur?" mrs. weasley repeated, in a dangerous sort of voice
"did you get our food parcels and everything?" "yeah, thanks a lot, " said harry
you realize bertha jorkins has been missing for over a month now? went on holiday to albania and never came back?" "yes, i was asking ludo about that," said mr. weasley, frowning
"that was a sample of fertilizer from norway!" said percy, going very red in the face
"where're bill and charlie and per-per-percy?" said george, failing to stifle a huge yawn
"so they're still in bed?" said fred grumpily, pulling his bowl of porridge toward him
"but bill and charlie and percy can all do it?" "charlie had to take the test twice," said fred, grinning
"what?" said george, in an innocent tone that deceived nobody
"we spent six months developing those!" fred shouted at his mother as she threw the toffees away
s!" all in all, the atmosphere was not very friendly as they took their departure
"so how does everyone get there without all the muggles noticing?" he asked
"what sort of objects are portkeys?" said harry curiously
you beat harry potter!" harry couldn't think of any reply to this, so he remained silent
"yes, but you didn't fall off, did you?" roared amos genially, slapping his son on his back
"you foreign?" said mr. roberts as mr. weasley returned with the correct notes
"foreign?" repeated mr. weasley, puzzled
"shouldn't he?" said mr. weasley anxiously "it's like some sort of
i wonder what the bulgarians have got dangling all over their tents?" said hermione
"oops!" he said as he managed to light a match and promptly dropped it in surprise
"the man of the moment! ludo!" ludo bagman was easily the most noticeable person harry had seen so far, even including old archie in his flowered nightdress
"ahoy there!" bagman called happily
a galleon on ireland to win?" "a galleon?" ludo bagman looked slightly disappointed, but recovered himself
"he speaks over two hundred! mermish and gobbledegook and troll
oh - talk of the devil! barty!" a wizard had just apparated at their fireside, and he could not have made more of a contrast with ludo bagman, sprawled on the grass in his old wasp robes
"would you like a cup of tea?" "oh," said mr. crouch, looking over at percy in mild surprise
"they've signed, haven't they? they've agreed, haven't they? i bet you anything these kids'll know soon enough anyway
"prime seats!" said the ministry witch at the entrance when she checked their tickets
mrs. shower's all purpose magical mess remover: no pain, no stain!
"dobby?" said harry incredulously
"you is surely harry potter!" "yeah, i am," said harry
"weird things, aren't they?" "dobby was weirder," said harry fervently
and let's see who else - you know arthur weasley, i daresay?" it was a tense moment
"everyone ready?" he said, his round face gleaming like a great, excited edam
welcome! welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second quidditch world cup!" the spectators screamed and clapped
"huh?" said ron, staring openmouthed at the veela, who had now lined up along one side of the field
"and now, please greet - the irish national quidditch team!" yelled bagman
"but levski's got the quaffle!" "harry, if you're not going to watch at normal speed, you're going to miss things!" shouted hermione, who was dancing up and down, waving her arms in the air while troy did a lap of honor around the field
"dimitrov! levski! dimitrov! ivanova - oh i say!" roared bagman
"foul!" roared the irish supporters as one, all standing up in a great wave of green
"he's seen it! look at him go!" half the crowd seemed to have realized what was happening; the irish supporters rose in another great wave of green, screaming their seeker on
"he ended it when ireland were a hundred and sixty points ahead, the idiot!" "he knew they were never going to catch up!" harry shouted back over all the noise, also applauding loudly
"you can speak english!" said fudge, sounding outraged
"let's have a really loud hand for the gallant losers - bulgaria!" bagman shouted
"we're going to help the ministry!" mr. weasley shouted over all the noise, rolling up his own sleeves
"i'll bet you anything his dad is one of that masked lot!" said ron hotly
"well, with any luck, the ministry will catch him!" said hermione fervently
i've lost my wand!" "you're kidding!" ron and hermione raised their wands high enough to spread the narrow beams of light farther on the ground; harry looked all around him, but his wand was nowhere to be seen
"people high - high in the air! winky is getting out of the way!" and she disappeared into the trees on the other side of the path, panting and squeaking as she fought the force that was restraining her
"you know, house-elves get a very raw deal!" said hermione indignantly
"let's just keep moving, shall we?" said ron, and harry saw him glance edgily at hermione
"what are you doing in here, all alone?" they looked at one another, surprised
"what if they can't get them down?" "they will," said ron reassuringly
"what the - ?" gasped ron as he sprang to his feet again, staring up at the thing that had appeared
"harry, come on, move!" hermione had seized the collar of his jacket and was tugging him backward
"what's the matter?" harry said, startled to see her face so white and terrified
without pausing to think, he yelled, "duck!" he seized the other two and pulled them down onto the ground
"you've got someone?" shouted mr. crouch, sounding highly disbelieving
he was carrying a tiny, limp figure in his arms. harry recognized the tea towel at once
he raised his own wand, pointed it at winky, and said, "ennervate!" winky stirred feebly
"it didn't sound anything like winky, did it?" "no," said harry, shaking his head
"caught with the guilty wand in your hand!" "amos," said mr. weasley loudly, "think about it
"if you accuse my elf, you accuse me, diggory!" shouted mr. crouch
"no!" shrieked winky, prostrating herself at mr. crouch's feet
"but she was frightened!" hermione burst out angrily, glaring at mr. crouch
"we found barry crouch's elf holding harry's wand, but we're none the wiser about who actually conured the mark." "what?" said bill, charlie, and percy together
"but if they were the death eaters, why did they disapparate when they saw the dark mark?" said ron
whoever conjured the dark mark.
what did these things mean? he thought of the letter he had written to sirius before leaving privet drive
"that woman's got it in for the ministry of magic!" said percy furiously
with a meaningful look at both of them he said, "all right if i go and dump my stuff in your room, ron?" "yeah
"yeah, but was it, though?" said harry, turning to look out of the window at the brightening sky
"are you expecting a letter?" "i told sirius about my scar," said harry, shrugging
"good thinking!" said ron, his expression clearing
he could be in africa or somewhere, couldn't he?" said hermione reasonably
"ron, you don't reckon sirius has been caught, do you?" "nah, it would've been in the daily prophet," said ron
"the ministry would want to show they'd caught someone, wouldn't they?" "yeah, i suppose
"well, they're okay!" said ron angrily, looking at harry's robes
well, i had to get yours secondhand, and there wasn't a lot of choice!" said mrs. weasley, flushing
"what did the dustbins do?" asked mr. weasley, scribbling frantically
"yeah, well, dad collects plugs, doesn't he?" said fred quietly as mrs. weasley left the room
"what d'you three know that we don't?" "you'll find out this evening, i expect," said mrs. weasley, smiling
"so go on - how d'you hide a place like hogwarts?" "it's bewitched," said hermione
"eat dung, malfoy!" said ron, the same color as the dress robes as he snatched them back out of malfoy's grip
"i suppose you will, potter? you never miss a chance to show off, do you?" "either explain what you're on about or go away, malfoy," said hermione testily, over the top of the standard book of spells, grade
"you've got a father and brother at the ministry and you don't even know? my god, my father told me about it ages ago
"ron!" said hermione reproachfully, and she pulled out her wand, muttered "reparo!" and the glass shards flew back into a single pane and back into the door
"hiya, harry!" it was colin creevey, a third year to whom harry was something of a hero
"he's really excited!" said colin, practically bouncing up and down in his seat
you'd think they'd be together, wouldn't you?" harry looked up at the staff table
"maybe they couldn't get anyone!" said hermione, looking anxious
"it's got to be a pretty boring life, hasn't it, being a hat? i suppose it spends all year making up the next one
"baddock, malcolm!" "slytherin!" the table on the other side of the hall erupted with cheers; harry could see malfoy clapping as baddock joined the slytherins
"branstone, eleanor!" "hufflepuff!" "cauldwell, owen!" "hufflepuff!" "creevey, dennis!" tiny dennis creevey staggered forward, tripping over hagrid's moleskin, just as hagrid himself sidled into the hall through a door behind the teachers' table
"there are house-elves here?" she said, staring, horror-struck, at nearly headless nick
"you won't get them sick leave by starving yourself!" "slave labor," said hermione, breathing hard through her nose
"spotted dick, look! chocolate gateau!" but hermione gave him a look so reminiscent of professor mcgonagall that he gave up
said dumbledore, "where was i? ah yes, the triwizard tournament
"death toll?" hermione whispered, looking alarmed
and a thousand galleons prize money!" "yeah," said ron, a faraway look on his face
"who's this impartial judge who's going to decide who the champions are?" said harry
you will collect the pus -" "the what?" said seamus finnigan, sounding revolted
"hermione - it's the first day back! we haven't even got homework yet!" hermione shrugged and continued to shovel down her food as though she had not eaten for days
then she leapt to her feet, said, "see you at dinner!" and departed at high speed
i think i am right in saying, my dear, that you were born in midwinter?" "no," said harry, "i was born in july." ron hastily turned his laugh into a hacking cough
it's almost as though he's a complete nonentity, isn't it?" he crowed
now, your head of house'll be snape, will it?" "yes," said malfoy resentfully
"how cool is he?" "beyond cool," said george, sitting down opposite fred
"you'd like it, would you, if i did it to you?" the laughter died away almost instantly
"yes?" said moody, his magical eye rolling right over to fix on neville
"engorgio!" the spider swelled
constant vigilance!" he roared, and the whole class jumped again
"you all right, are you, potter?" "yes," said harry, almost defiantly
"what was that about?" said ron, watching neville and moody turn the corner
"not going to have a very good month, are you?" she said sardonically as crookshanks curled up in her lap
"don't you think it's a bit obvious you've made these up?" said hermione
"we've been working like house-elves here!" hermione raised her eyebrows
"hedwig!" he shouted, and he launched himself out of his chair and across the room to pull open the window
"harry - what's up?" for harry had just hit himself in the forehead with his fist, jolting hedwig out of his lap
"just find him, all right?" harry said, stroking her back as he carried her on his arm to one of the holes in the wall
moody raised his wand, pointed it at harry, and said, 'mperio!" it was the most wonderful feeling
"excuse me, i don't like people just because they're handsome!" said hermione indignantly
"you two got any ideas on the triwizard tournament yet?" harry asked
"as karkaroff arrived yet?" madame maxime asked
wonder what's up with them?" "maybe they've escaped," said ron hopefully
where d'you reckon they're going to sleep? we could offer him a space in our dormitory, harry
"no one's making you stay!" hermione whispered, bristling at her
"looks like they've finally found a food they like, doesn't it? hagrid's fingers
"you 'ave finished wiz it?" "yeah," ron said breathlessly
"i don't see anyone else gaping at her like an idiot!" but she wasn't entirely right about that
"i'm telling you, that's not a normal girl!" said ron, leaning sideways so he could keep a clear view of her
"they don't make them like that at hogwarts!" "they make them okay at hogwarts," said harry without thinking
"reckon they'll go back to school, or hang around to watch the tournament?" "dunno," said harry
"and we heard he's asking for wages now!" "yeah, well, yeh get weirdos in every breed
"well, we'll soon know!" the halloween feast seemed to take much longer than usual
"the hogwarts champion," he called, "is cedric diggory!" "no! " said ron loudly, but nobody heard him except harry; the uproar from the next table was too great
"excellent!" dumbledore called happily as at last the tumult died down
"do zey want us back in ze hall?" she thought he had come to deliver a message
"madame maxime!" said fleur at once, striding over to her headmistress
little boy? madame maxime had drawn herself up to her full, and considerable, height
"convenient?" said karkaroff
"evidently, someone 'oo wished to give 'ogwarts two bites at ze apple!" said madame maxime
"why should 'e complain?" burst out fleur delacour, stamping her foot
"ah, what evidence is zere of zat?" said madame maxime, throwing up her huge hands
"i think that's all, is it, albus?" "i think so," said dumbledore, who was looking at mr. crouch with mild concern
who's just been chosen as school champion, then?" "balderdash," said harry dully
"it most certainly isn't!" said the pale witch indignantly
"i'm tired!" he bellowed finally, after nearly half an hour
"what d'you mean, congratulations?" said harry, staring at ron
a thousand galleons prize money, eh? and you don't have to do end-of-year tests either
"yeah?" said ron, and there was no trace of a grin, forced or otherwise, on his face now
"jealous of what? he wants to make a prat of himself in front of the whole school, does he?" "look," said hermione patiently, "it's always you who gets all the attention, you know it is
"how?" "harry, this isn't going to be kept quiet," said hermione, very seriously
"take this thing for a walk?" he repeated in disgust, staring into one of the boxes
"and where exactly are we supposed to fix the leash? around the sting, the blasting end, or the sucker?" "roun' the middle," said hagrid, demonstrating
"no idea who put yeh in fer it, harry?" "you believe i didn't do it, then?" said harry, concealing with difficulty the rush of gratitude he felt at hagrid's words
everythin' seems ter happen ter you, doesn' it?" harry didn't answer
"harry!" hermione said warningly
"funnunculus!" harry yelled
"densaugeo!" screamed malfoy
"potter - take your bag and get out of my sight!" harry swung his bag over his shoulder, got up, and headed for the door
"that is - if harry has no objection?" "er -" said harry
"you won't mind, harry, if i use a quick-quotes quill? it leaves me free to talk to you normally
"now  why did you decide to enter the tournament, harry?" "i didn't," said harry
"how would you say that's affected you?" "er," said harry, yet again
"can you remember your parents at all?" said rita skeeter, talking over him
"how are you?" she said, standing up and holding out one of her large, mannish hands to dumbledore
you treat it regularly?" "polished it last night," said cedric, grinning
"why does hagrid want me to meet him at midnight?" harry said, very surprised
the creevey brothers had managed to get hold of a stack of support cedric diggory! badges and were trying to bewitch them to make them say support harry potter! instead
"you there, harry?" hagrid whispered, opening the door and looking around
it is time?" "bong-sewer," said hagrid, beaming at her, and holding out a hand to help her down the golden steps
"wan' a closer look?" hagrid asked madame maxime excitedly
"how could they let him enter that tournament, he's much too young! i thought they were all safe, i thought there was going to be an age limit!' she was in floods after that daily prophet article about him
a voice nearby said, "ouch! who's there?" harry hastily checked that the cloak was covering him and hay very still, staring up at the dark outline of the wizard he had hit
"balderdash!" he gasped at the fat lady, who was snoozing in her frame in front of the portrait hole
surely there could be nothing worse than dragons coming? "karkaroff," said sirius
are you saying karkaroff put my name in the goblet? because if he did, he's a really good actor
it's not very likely she'd have walked straight into voldemort, is it?" said harry
so voldemort could have found out about the tournament?" said harry
"what are you doing down here at this time of night?" "i just wondered where you -" ron broke off, shrugging
"hermione," harry said, through gritted teeth, "will you shut up for a bit, please? i m trying to concentrate
this gave harry an idea. pausing at a distance from them, he pulled out his wand, and took careful aim
"like my dark detectors, do you?" s aid moody, who was watching harry closely
"harry, i really think you've got it!" said hermione delightedly
mr. diggory, you're first, just go out into the enclosure when you hear a whistle, all right? now
"got a plan?" said bagman, lowering his voice conspiratorially
good lord, i thought she'd had it then!" ten minutes later, harry heard the crowd erupt into applause once more
"accio firebolt!" he shouted
"harry, you were brilliant!" hermione said squeakily
"there's nothing to cry about!" harry told her, bewildered
and krum - you won't believe this, but he didn't even think of flying! he was probably the best after you, though
"what?" ron bellowed furiously
"congratulations, harry!" she said, beaming at him
"you know what? i reckon you could win this tournament, harry, i'm serious
"what was that?" said seamus finnigan, staring at the egg as harry slammed it shut again
"how do you get in there?" hermione said in an innocently casual sort of voice
"jus' try an slip the rope 'round his sting, so he won hurt any o' the others!" "yeah, we wouldn't want that!" ron shouted angrily as he and harry backed into the wall of hagrid's cabin, still holding the skrewt off with their sparks
"well, good-bye, harry!" rita skeeter called merrily to him as he set off with ron and hermione
"until friday night, then, hagrid!" "she'll twist everything he says," harry said under his breath
"what?" she turned around to look at him, anticipation all over her face
"it is dobby, sir, it is!" squealed the voice from somewhere around his navel
"dobby has come to work at hogwarts, sir!" dobby squealed excitedly
"would harry potter like a cup of tea?" he squeaked loudly, over winky's sobs
harry potter, sir!" said dobby happily
and dobby thinks, and it comes to him, sir! hogwarts! so dobby and winky came to see professor dumbledore, sir, and professor dumbledore took us on!" dobby beamed very brightly, and happy tears welled in his eyes again
"and how much is professor dumbledore paying you, winky?" hermione asked kindly
"winky is a disgraced elf, but winky is not yet getting paid!" she squeaked
"but - winky, come on! it's mr. crouch who should be ashamed, not you! you didn't do anything wrong, he was really horrible to you -" but at these words, winky clapped her hands over the holes in her hat, flattening her ears so that she couldn't hear a word, and screeched, "you is not insulting my master, miss! you is not insulting mr. crouch! mr. crouch is a good wizard, miss! mr. crouch is right to sack bad winky!" "winky is having trouble adjusting, harry potter," squeaked dobby confidentially
"can't house-elves speak their minds about their masters, then?" harry asked
"my poor mr. crouch, what is he doing without winky? he is needing me, he is needing my help! i is looking after the crouches all my life, and my mother is doing it before me, and my grandmother is doing it before her
"thanks a lot!" harry said to the elves, who had all clustered around the door to say good night
can dobby come and see you sometimes, sir?" dobby asked tentatively
there seemed to be fewer support cedric diggory! badges around too
"why?" "because george wants to invite him to the ball," said fred sarcastically
he turned his head and called across the common room, "oi! angelina!" angelina, who had been chatting with alicia spinnet near the fire, looked over at him
"her acne's loads better lately - and she's really nice!" "her nose is off-center," said ron
"because - oh shut up laughing, you two - because they've both just been turned down by girls they asked to the ball!" said ginny
"all the good-looking ones taken, ron?" said hermione loftily
"just because it's taken you three years to notice, ron, doesn't mean no one else has spotted i'm a girl!" ron stared at her
"i'm going with someone else!" and she stormed off toward the girls' dormitories again
"wait here," he said to ron, and he stood up, walked straight up to parvati, and said, "parvati? will you go to the ball with me?" parvati went into a fit of giggles
"can't you think of anyone who'd go with ron?" he said, lowering his voice so that ron wouldn't hear
people passing him were pointing and laughing, and a group of third-year girls paused and said, "oh look at the weeny owl! isn't he cute?" stupid little feathery git!" ron hissed, hurrying up the stairs and snatching up pigwidgeon
"'constant vigilance!' you'd think i walk around with my eyes shut, banging off the walls
"sir is very kind!" he squeaked, his eyes brimming with tears again, bowing deeply to ron
"lairy fights, that's the one!" she giggled when they gave the password, and she swung forward to let them inside
"where's hermione?" parvati shrugged
"he is so creepy!" parvati whispered as moody clunked away
"so what?" "what happened - trying to get him to join spew, were you?" "no, i wasn't! if you really want to know, he - he said he'd been coming up to the library every day to try and talk to me, but he hadn't been able to pluck up the courage!" hermione said this very quickly, and blushed so deeply that she was the same color as parvati's robes
harry knows that, don't you, harry?" "you've got a funny way of showing it," sneered ron
"hey-harry!" it was cedric diggory
"what's that?" "next time there's a ball, ask me before someone else does, and not as a last resort!" ron mouthed soundlessly like a goldfish out of water as hermione turned on her heel and stormed up the girls' staircase to bed
"wheres hagrid?" "my name is professor grubbly-plank," she said briskly
"where's hagrid?" harry repeated loudly
"what's up with him?" professor grubbly-plank acted as though she couldn't hear him
"oh it's so beautiful!" whispered lavender brown
"he surely doesn't think we'd care about him being half-giant?" but it seemed that hagrid did care
"it must be freezing, it's january!" "it's a lot colder where he comes from," said hermione
"doesn't he ever go into the office?" hermione whispered suddenly
"wonder if i could have a quick, private word, harry?" said bagman eagerly
"you couldn't give us a moment, you two, could you?" "er - okay," said ron, and he and hermione went off to find a table
"have you heard anything about bertha jorkins?" harry asked
"what were they doing here?" "looking for crouch, according to bagman," said harry
i am merely doing my-" "who cares if he's half-giant?" harry shouted
"hagrid, look what i've got for relatives!" harry said furiously
"look at the dursleys!" "an excellent point," said professor dumbledore
"can i have one of these cakes, hagrid?" "help yerself," said hagrid, wiping his eyes on the back of his hand
mum an' dad gone, an' you was feelin' like yeh wouldn' fit in at hogwarts, remember? not sure yeh were really up to it
"tactless!" she muttered, groping in her robes for a handkerchief
"what's tactless?" said harry, bewildered
"talking about breathing in front of me!" she said shrilly, and her voice echoed loudly around the bathroom
"someone broke into your office?" "it is unimportant," said snape coldly
who'd want to break into your office?" "a student, i daresay," said snape
"reckon they were after potion ingredients, eh?" said moody
"what's that?" said moody calmly, folding up the map and pocketing it
i have seen it before, i recognize it! potter is here! potter, in his invisibility cloak!" snape stretched out his hands like a blind man and began to move up the stairs; harry could have sworn his over-large nostrils were dilating, trying to sniff harry out -trapped
"now, filch, if you'll just give me that egg-" "no!" said filch, clutching the egg as though it were his firstborn son
could moody possibly mean what harry thought he meant? "and now i want to ask you a question
"you ever thought of a career as an auror, potter?" "no," said harry, taken aback
why was crouch pretending to be ill, if he could manage to get to hogwarts when he wanted to? what did he think snape was concealing in his office? and moody thought he
"come on, hermione, why are all these dark wizard catchers searching his office, then?" "why has mr. crouch been pretending to be ill?" said hermione, ignoring ron
"who on earth wants to make their nose hair grow into ringlets?" "i wouldn't mind," said fred weasleys voice
"bring as many of these books as you can, okay?" "right," said harry uneasily
"come on, jump!" "i can't," harry panted, snatching at the firebolt, and struggling not to sink
"give it to me!" but she just poked him painfully in the side with the end of the broomstick, laughing at him
"harry potter needs to hurry!" squeaked dobby
"the second task starts in ten minutes, and harry potter -" "ten minutes?" harry croaked
' dobby - what've i got to do?" "you has to eat this, sir!" s queaked the elf, and he put his hand in the pocket of his shorts and drew out a ball of what looked like slimy, grayish-green rat tails
dobby cannot let harry potter lose his wheezy!" harrys doubts vanished
harry?" bagman whispered as he moved harry a few feet farther away from krum
"know what you're going to do?" "yeah," harry panted, massaging his ribs
what were they playing at? why didn't they hurry up? he turned back to hermione, raised the jagged rock, and began to hack at her bindings too -at once, several pairs of strong gray hands seized him
now what? harry thought desperately
"you've got until three!" harry shouted; a great stream of bubbles burst from him, but he held up three fingers to make sure they got the message
"i hope you didn't waste time down there acting the hero!" harry felt both stupid and annoyed
"i told you!" ron hissed at hermione as she stared down at the article
"and what did you say?" ron repeated, pounding his pestle down so hard that it dented the desk
"potter! what are you doing?" "clearing up my armadillo bile, professor," said harry innocently, straightening up and showing snape the sodden rag he was holding
"getting his comeuppance for sacking winky, isn't he?" said hermione, an edge to her voice
she was saving crouch a seat, right?" "right," said harry, ron, and hermione together
"winky didn't steal that wand!" hermione insisted
should have spent a bit more time at home with his family, shouldn't he? ought to have left the office early once in a while
"and he sneaked up here to search snape's office!" s aid ron triumphantly, looking at hermione
"so you think snape could be up to something, then?" asked harry, but hermione broke in
"why are moody and crouch so keen to get into snapes office then?" said ron stubbornly
"you say your brother s crouch's personal assistant? any chance you could ask him if he's seen crouch lately?" "i can try," said ron doubtfully
"we is sorry you had to see that, sirs and miss!" squeaked a nearby elf, shaking his head and looking very ashamed
"listen to me, all of you! you've got just as much right as wizards to be unhappy! you've got the right to wages and holidays and proper clothes, you don't have to do everything you're told - look at dobby!" "miss will please keep dobby out of this," dobby mumbled, looking scared
"we has your extra food!" squeaked an elf at harry's elbow, and he shoved a large ham, a dozen cakes, and some fruit into harry's arms. "good-bye!" the house-elves crowded around harry, ron, and hermione and began shunting them out of the kitchen, many little hands pushing in the smalls of their backs
"what on earth - ?" hermione said, taking the letter from the gray owl, opening it, and starting to read
"what yeh done ter your hands, hermione?" said hagrid, looking concerned
"listen, i had other stuff on my mind that night!" s aid harry impatiently
"moody says he didn't see her anywhere near the judges' table at the second task, or anywhere near the lake!" "hermione, is there any point in telling you to drop this?" said ron
"aren't you two ever going to read hogwarts, a history^" "what's the point?" said ron
"your mum doesn't read witch weekly, by any chance, does she, ron?" she asked quietly
"they're hedges!" said harry, bending to examine the nearest one
"well, what d'you think?" said bagman happily as harry and cedric climbed over the last hedge
"growing nicely, aren't they? give them a month and hagrid'll have them twenty feet high
"could i haff a vord?" "yeah, all right," said harry, slightly surprised
"vill you valk vith me?" "okay," said harry curiously
"vot is it?" harry shook his head, staring at the place where he'd seen movement
"vot is wrong with him?" "no idea," harry muttered
"listen, you'd better go and get someone -" "dumbledore!" gasped mr. crouch
"get up, i'll take you to dumbledore!" mr, crouch's eyes rolled forward onto harry
"hurry, von't you?" krum called after him as harry sprinted away from the forest and up through the dark grounds
"c'mon!" but nothing at hogwarts had ever moved just because he shouted at it; he knew it was no good
"what are you doing here, potter?" "i need to see professor dumbledore!" said harry, running back up the corridor and skidding to a standstill in front of snape instead
he's asking -" "what is this rubbish?" said snape, his black eyes glittering
harry?" said dumbledore as they walked swiftly down the marble staircase
"the old madman attacked me! i vos looking around to see vare potter had gone and he attacked from behind!" "lie still for a moment," dumbledore said
"professor dumbledore!" he said, his eyes widening
what's happened? snape said something about crouch -" "crouch?" said hagrid blankly
"what is this?" he cried when he saw krum on the ground and dumbledore and harry beside him
"mr. crouch or votever his name -" "crouch attacked you? crouch attacked you? the triwizard judge?" "igor," dumbledore began, but karkaroff had drawn himself up, clutching his furs around him, looking livid
"hagrid, no!" dumbledore shouted, his eyes flashing
worried! i dunno when i seen dumbledore more worried than he's bin lately
"don' you talk ter me abou' her!" said hagrid, and he looked quite frightening for a moment
"i've got her number now! tryin' ter get back in me good books, tryin' ter get me ter tell her what's comin in the third task
"you cant disapparate on the hogwarts grounds, haven't i told you enough times?" said hermione
remind me what he said about you-know-who?" said ron tentatively
"maybe - hang on - how fast d'you reckon he could've gotten down to the forest? d'you reckon he could've beaten you and dumbledore there?" "not unless he can turn himself into a bat or something," said harry
"you don't think they know something about all this, do you?" hermione whispered
they don't exactly mind breaking rules, do they?" "yes, but this is the law" said hermione, looking scared
"professor moody?" harry called as they made their way toward him through the crowd
"but under his own steam?" said hermione eagerly, "or because someone made him?" "yeah, someone could've - could've pulled him onto a broom and flown off with him, couldn't they?" said ron quickly, looking hopefully at moody as if he too wanted to be told he had the makings of an auror
she took the newspaper, scanned the first few pages, said, "ha! she hasn't got wind of crouch!" then joined ron and harry in reading what sirius had to say on the mysterious events of the night before last
"but if you die during a task-" "they didn't care about attacking krum, did they?" said harry
"can't we kidnap mrs. norris?" ron suggested on monday lunchtime as he lay flat on his back in the middle of their charms classroom, having just been stunned and reawoken by harry for the fifth time in a row
"you were clutching your scar!" said professor trelawney
"sherbet lemon?" he tried tentatively
as for her disappearance being linked with barty crouch's!" "and what do you thinks happened to barty crouch, minister?" said moody's growling voice
"dumbledore, come!" said fudge angrily
"harry!" said fudge jovially, moving forward
where was this place? it surely wasn't hogwarts; he had never seen a room like that here in the castle
you don't like the dementors, do you, albus?" said moody with a sardonic smile
"rookwood?" said mr. crouch, nodding to a witch sitting in front of him, who began scribbling upon her piece of parchment
i mean, i can't keep getting hit by bludgers for the rest of my life, can i?" there were titters from the crowd
the boys' three companions rose quietly from their seats; the woman with the heavy-lidded eyes looked up at crouch and called, "the dark lord will rise again, crouch! throw us into azkaban; we will wait! he will rise again and will come for us, he will reward us beyond any of his other supporters! we alone were faithful! we alone tried to find him!" but the boy was trying to fight off the dementors, even though harry could see their cold, draining power starting to affect him
now, has your scar hurt at any other time this year, excepting the time it woke you up over the summer?" "no, i - how did you know it woke me up over the summer?" said harry, astonished
"professor?" he said quietly, after a couple of minutes
"how indeed?" muttered dumbledore
"professor," harry said at last, "do you think he's getting stronger?" "voldemort?" said dumbledore, looking at harry over the pensieve
" has neville never told you why he has been brought up by his grandmother?" he said
"as to that, i have no idea." harry sat in silence once more, watching the contents of the pensieve swirl
"yeah, but bagman didn't pass information on purpose, did he?" hermione shrugged
"and fudge reckons madame maxime attacked crouch?" ron said, turning back to harry
"rita skeeter again?" "no," said ron, and just like hermione, he attempted to push the paper out of sight
"your voice couldn't have carried all the way down to the grounds!" "well, you're the one who's supposed to be researching magical methods of bugging!" said harry
"harry, come on, they're waiting for you!" utterly perplexed
"surprise!" mrs. weasley said excitedly as he smiled broadly and walked over to them
"are you going to tell us - ?" hermione shook her head warningly and glanced at mrs. weasley
"hagrid's blast-ended skrewts!" he hissed
"impedimenta!" harry yelled
"stupefy!" harry yelled
could you give me the next clue again, please?" she repeated the next lines of the poem
"point me!" he whispered again to his wand, and it spun around and pointed him to the right-hand one
"is this supposed to be part of the task?" "i dunno," said cedric
yet you answer my call as though it were yesterday, we are still united under the dark mark, then! or are we?" he put back his terrible face and sniffed, his slit-like nostrils widening
"i see you all, whole and healthy, with your powers intact - such prompt appearances! and i ask myself
"crucio!" the death eater on the ground writhed and shrieked; harry was sure the sound must carry to the houses around
harry potter?" said voldemort softly, his red eyes glinting through the darkness
"you won't?" said voldemort quietly, and the death eaters were not laughing now
"you won't say no? harry, obedience is a virtue i need to teach you before you die
"do nothing unless i command you!" voldemort shouted to the death eaters
whispered the figure of cedric, "take my body back, will you? take my body back to my parents,
"what's going on? what's happened?" the face of cornelius fudge appeared upside down over harry; it looked white, appalled
"did he forgive them?" but harry had suddenly remembered
"who put your name in the goblet of fire, under the name of a different school? i did
who helped you see the only way you could beat the dragon? i did" moody's magical eye had now left the door
"cedric gave me the clue -" "who told cedric to open it underwater? i did
"so what could i do? feed you information from another innocent source
"master barty, master barty, what is you doing here?" she flung herself forward onto the young man's chest
"why is she coming to nose into my masters private business?" sobbed winky
"why isn't she leaving us be?" "tell me about the quidditch world cup," said dumbledore
"master barty, you bad boy!" whispered winky, tears trickling between her fingers
"so you took the wand," said dumbledore, "and what did you do with it?" "we went back to the tent," said crouch
"and what became of wormtail after you attacked moody?" said dumbledore
"professor," harry mumbled, "where are mr. and mrs. diggory?" "they are with professor sprout," said dumbledore
she rounded on ron, hermione, and bill as though they were being noisy, and hissed, "did you hear? he needs quiet!" "headmaster," said madam pomfrey, staring at the great black dog that was sirius, "may i ask what - ?" "this dog will be remaining with harry for a while," said dumbledore simply
"and that's minerva mcgonagall's, isn't it? but what are they arguing about?" now harry could hear them too: people shouting and running toward the hospital wing
dumbledore, and you still think he's trustworthy?" "you fool!" professor mcgonagall cried
"it's okay!" snape had not yelled or jumped backward, but the look on his face was one of mingled fury and horror
but i must do what i can, you understand, don't you?" "yeah," said harry
potter! they'll be the first to go, now the dark lord's back! mudbloods and muggle-lovers first! well - second - diggory was the f-" it was as though someone had exploded a box of fireworks within the compartment
fred hesitated, then said, "you remember that bet we had with him at the quidditch world cup? about how ireland would win, but krum would get the snitch?" "yeah," said harry and ron slowly
just do me one favor, okay? buy ron some different dress robes and say they're from you
"'bye, harry!" said hermione, and she did something she had never done before, and kissed him on the cheek
where is he, anyway?' 'i don't know,' said aunt petunia, unconcerned
bungy, who lives at the five feathers in barnsley, has learned to water ski! mary dorkins went to find out more
'what the devil do you mean by it, boy?' asked uncle vernon in a croaky voice that trembled with fury
and what were ron and hermione busy with? why wasn't he, harry, busy? hadn't he proved himself capable of handling much more than them? had they all forgotten what he had done? hadn't it been he who had entered that graveyard and watched cedric being murdered, and been tied to that tombstone and nearly killed? don't think about that, harry told himself sternly for the hundredth time that summer
what about "popkin" and "dinky diddydums", can i use them then?' dudley said nothing
'not as stupid as you look, are you, dud? but i s'pose, if you were, you wouldn't be able to walk and talk at the same time
'what d'you mean, i'm not brave when i'm in bed?' said harry, completely nonplussed
' 'what d'you mean?' harry said again, but there was a cold, plunging sensation in his stomach
'i'll t-tell dad!' dudley whimpered
'dudley, come back! you're running right at it!' there was a horrible squealing yell and dudley's footsteps topped
harry made to stow his wand hurriedly out of sight, but - 'don't put it away, idiot boy!' she shrieked
'hurry up!' said mrs figg hysterically
'why didn't you tell me you're a squib, mrs figg?' asked harry, panting with the effort to keep walking
'what 'appened to staying undercover?' 'i'll give you undercover!' cried mrs figg
'i didn't!' harry said sharply, as aunt petunia let out a wail and uncle vernon raised his fists
'go on, son,' said uncle vernon, 'what did he do?' tell us, darling,' whispered aunt petunia
'you put some crackpot spell on my on so he'd hear voices and believe he was - was doomed to misery, or something, did you?' 'how many times do i have to tell you?' said harry, temper and voice both rising
'i want the truth about what happened tonight!' barked uncle vernon
why had the dementors come to little whinging? how could it be coincidence that they had arrived in the alleyway where harry was? had they been sent? had the ministry of magic lost control of the dementors? had they deserted azkaban and joined voldemort, as dumbledore had predicted they would? 'these demembers guard some weirdo prison?' asked uncle vernon, lumbering along in the wake of harry's train of thought
'oho! they were coming to arrest you!' said uncle vernon, with the triumphant air of a man reaching an unassailable conclusion
then why - ?' 'he must have sent them,' said harry quietly, more to himself than to uncle vernon
'back?' whispered aunt petunia
'don't touch it, it could be dangerous!' 'it's addressed to me,' said aunt petunia in a shaking voice
' 'no.' aunt petunia's hand was trembling
'petunia, dear?' said uncle vernon timidly
'who was that howler from?' 'don't ask questions,' aunt petunia snapped
understand?' hedwig gave a muffled hooting noise, her beak still full of frog
unless anyone brought any veritaserum?' 'harry, what form does your patronus take?' lupin asked
'look - ' he turned back to lupin, 'what's going on, i haven't heard anything from anyone, what's vol-?' several of the witches and wizards made odd hissing noises; dedalus diggle dropped his hat again and moody growled, 'shut up!' 'what?' said harry
' 'how're we getting - wherever we're going?' harry asked
'how did you do that?' said harry, gaping at her as she opened her eyes again
' 'you're an auror?' said harry, impressed
we don't break ranks for anything, got me? if one of us is killed - ' 'is that likely?' harry asked apprehensively, but moody ignored him
'follow tonks, harry!' harry followed tonks into a dive
'had to look after myself after all, didn't i?' 'he was so angry,' said hermione, in an almost awestruck voice
' 'of course he doesn't think that!' said hermione anxiously
'so you haven't been in the meetings, big deal! you've still been here, haven't you? you've still been together! me, i've been stuck at the dursleys' for a month! and i've handled more than you two've ever managed and dumbledore knows it - 'who saved the philosopher's stone? who got rid of riddle? who saved both your skins from the dementors?' every bitter and resentful thought harry had had in the past month was pouring out of him: his frustration at the lack of news, the hurt that they had all been together without him, his fury at being followed and not told about it - all the feelings he was half-ashamed of finally burst their boundaries
' 'extendable - ?' 'ears, yeah
' 'couldn't have been me, could it?' said harry sarcastically
' 'how d'you know?' said george, looking crestfallen
'i thought he was working in egypt?' 'he applied for a desk job so he could come home and work for the order,' said fred
'i got famous because he murdered my family but couldn't kill me! who wants to be famous for that? don't i hey think i'd rather it'd never- ' 'we know, harry' said ginny earnestly
and who's left all those dungbombs outside the kitchen door?' 'crookshanks,' said ginny unblushingly
'tonks!' cried mrs weasley in exasperation, turning to look behind her
'blood traitor, abomination, shame of my flesh!' 'i said - shut - up!' roared the man, and with a stupendous effort he and lupin managed to force the curtains closed again
'harry!' mr weasley said, hurrying forward to greet him, and shaking his hand vigorously
' 'eh?' said mundungus, peering bale fully at harry through his matted ginger hair
this solid silver, mate?' 'yes,' said sirius, surveying it with distaste
he's got the right to know what's been happen-' 'hang on!' interrupted george loudly
'how come harry gets his questions answered?' said fred angrily
'we've been trying to get stuff out of you for a month and y du haven't told us a single stinking thing!' said george
harry, on the other hand - ' 'it's not down to you to decide what's good for harry!' said mrs weasley sharply
' 'no one's denying what he's done!' said mrs weasley, her voice rising, her fists trembling on the arms of her chair
'he's not james, sirius!' 'i'm perfectly clear who he is, thanks, molly,' said sirius coldly
'we're of age!' fred and george bellowed together
'won't - won't you?' he added uncertainly, meeting harry's eyes
what do you want to know?' harry took a deep breath and asked the question that had obsessed him for the last month
'how?' harry asked, perplexed
'you weren't supposed to survive!' said sirius
'are you kidding?' said bill incredulously
' 'so you're trying to stop him getting more followers?' 'we're doing our best,' said lupin
' 'why?' 'because of the ministry's attitude,' said tonks
'you're letting people know he's back?' they all smiled humourlessly
' 'what's he after apart from followers?' harry asked swiftly
'something worse than the avada kedavra - ?' that's enough!' mrs weasley spoke from the shadows beside the door
the weapon sirius mentioned?' said harry
'isn't that what he was doing the night he was supposed to be tailing me? picking up dodgy cauldrons?' 'yeah, you're right!' said fred, as the front door opened; mundungus heaved his cauldrons through it and disappeared from view
' but if they do expel me,' said harry quietly, 'can i come back here and live with you?' sirius smiled sadly
lupin glanced at harry, then said to tonks, 'what were you saying about scrimgeour?' 'oh
'you don't normally walk to work, do you?' harry asked him, as they set off briskly around the square
that correct?' 'yes,' said harry nervously
i've been wanting a word with you, have you got a second?' 'yes, if it really is a second,' said mr weasley, 'i'm in rather a hurry
'oh, arthur!' he said desperately, without looking at harry
' 'dementors in little whinging?' madam bones said, in a tone of great surprise
'full name?' said fudge loudly, when mrs figg had perched herself nervously on the very edge of her seat
' 'i - not - i haven't got time to listen to house-elves! anyway, that's not the only - he blew up his aunt, for gods sake!' fudge shouted, banging his fist on the judge's bench and upsetting a bottle of ink
'listen, sirius, lucius malfoy was at the ministry - ' 'what?' said sirius sharply
' 'be quiet, you three! yes, we saw him talking to fudge on level nine, then they went up to fudge's office together
' 'he'll have company!' said hermione
'prefect?' he said, staring incredulously at the letter
'we thought you were a cert!' said fred, in a tone that suggested harry had tricked them in some way
'i knew it!' she said excitedly, brandishing her letter
are you sure? i mean - ' she turned red as ron looked round at her with a defiant expression on his lace
she let go of him and said breathlessly, 'well, what will it be? we gave percy an owl, but you've already got one, of course
oh, i'm all of a dither!' she gave ron yet another kiss on the cheek, sniffed loudly, and bustled from the room
'you don't mind if we don't kiss you, do you, ron?' said fred in a falsely anxious voice
want me to go up and get rid of it, molly?' no, no, i'll do it myself later,' beamed mrs weasley, 'you have your drink
'fourth prefect in the family!' she said fondly, ruffling ron's hair
why dumbledore didn't make potter a prefect?' said kingsley
sirius had just said, 'what's that you've got there, mad-eye?' and moody had turned towards him
'r - r - riddikulus!' mrs weasley sobbed, pointing her shaking wand at ron's body
'r - riddikulus!' she sobbed again
what if something d-d - dreadful happens and we've never m - m - made it up with him? and what's going to happen if arthur and i get killed, who's g - g - going to look after ron and ginny?' 'molly, that's enough,' said lupin firmly
'we have to go to king's cross with a guard?' 'you have to go to king's cross with a guard,' hermione corrected him
'why?' said harry irritably
'well, on your own head be it!' she wrenched open the front door and stepped out into the weak september sunlight
'loads of stuff!' said neville proudly
'that was funny!' her prominent eyes swam with tears as she gasped for breath, staring at ron
'anything good in there?' asked ron as harry closed the magazine
'what?' he said aggressively, before malfoy could open his mouth
'shall we get in, then?' said ron uncertainly, looking at harry as though worried about him
' 'can you?' said harry desperately, turning to luna
'did everyone see that grubbly-plank woman?' asked ginny
'she works for fudge!' hermione repeated, frowning
'to our newcomers,' said dumbledore in a ringing voice, his arms stretched wide and a beaming smile on his lips, 'welcome! to our old hands - welcome back! there is a time for speech-making, but this is not it
'i assume i am still allowed to enjoy the use of whichever words i like, even if the pleasures of eating and drinking are denied me! but i am quite used to students poking fun at my death, i assure you!' 'nick, he wasn't really laughing at you!' said hermione, throwing a furious look at ron
' 'i know, but you can't call them midgets! - first-years!' hermione called commandingly along the table
with cedric diggory and all?' seamus sounded nervous and eager at the same time
' 'you know what?' said seamus heatedly, casting harry a venomous look
'anyone else's parents got a problem with harry?' he said aggressively
' 'you don't know my mother, she'd weasel anything out of anyone!' seamus snapped at him
how much more of this would he have to take? 'what's the matter?' asked hermione five minutes later, catching up with harry and ron halfway across the common room as they all headed towards breakfast
'how could we not notice?' before hermione could answer, a tall black girl with long braided hair had marched up to harry
' 'why's it cheap?' said ron suspiciously
hard to keep track sometimes, isn't it?' 'anyway, it's a nightmare of a year, the fifth,' said george
' 'but where are you going to get the gold to start a joke shop?' hermione asked sceptically
' 'an aurors worthwhile!' said harry
'did you do everything on the third line, potter?' 'no,' said harry very quietly
you surely aren't expecting to be attacked during class?' 'we're not going to use magic?' ron exclaimed loudly
'students raise their hands when they wish to speak in my class, mr - ?' 'weasley,' said ron, thrusting his hand into the air
'if we're going to be attacked, it won't be in a - ' 'hand, mr potter!' sang professor umbridge
' 'your hand is not up, mr thomas!' trilled professor umbridge
'i saw him, i fought him!' 'detention, mr potter!' said professor umbridge triumphantly
'harry, no!' hermione whispered in a warning voice, tugging at his sleeve, but harry jerked his arm out of her reach
'i know it is, harry, so will you please stop biting my head off?' said hermione wearily
' 'yes, but to employ someone who's actually refusing to let us do magic! what's dumbledore playing at?' 'and she's trying to get people to spy for her,' said ron darkly
'remember when she said she wanted us to come and tell her if we hear anyone saying you-know-who's back?' 'of course she's here to spy on us all, that's obvious, why else would fudge have wanted her to come?' snapped hermione
'what in the name of merlin are you doing?' said ron, watching her as though fearful for her sanity
' 'wow, i wonder what it'd be like to have a difficult life?' said harry sarcastically
oh yeah, keeper tryouts!' 'now he remembers!' snarled angelina
'better try, though, hadn't i? i'll offer to do two more detentions or something, i dunno
' 'what's that got to do with our homework?' said hermione, her eyebrows raised
'i'm in detention!' harry yelled after her as she stalked away
'lets see if you've got the message yet, shall we?' said umbridge's soft voice half an hour later
' 'does it involve paracelsus falling on top of the persons head?' asked harry
'aha!' said filch, taking a flat-footed step towards harry, his pouchy cheeks trembling with anger
'how do i know you haven't got it in your pocket?' 'because - ' 'i saw him send it,' said cho angrily
sirius!' 'what's happened?' said harry, snatching at the paper so violently it ripped down the middle, with him and hermione each holding one half
is currently hiding in london!" ' hermione read from her half in an anguished whisper
what on earth was he doing at the ministry of magic at one o'clock in the morning?' breathed hermione
d'you reckon he was doing something for the order?' ron muttered
'stop - stop - stop!' screamed angelina
'and katie, can't you do something about that nosebleed?' 'it's just getting worse!' said katie thickly, attempting to stem the flow with her sleeve
they spent the whole of sunday in the common room, buried in ! heir books while the room around them filled up, then emptied
'isn't that hermes?' said hermione, sounding amazed
'er - harry?' said ron uncertainly
'you mean like when he wanted to talk to you during the triwizard tournament? but he wouldn't do that now, it would be too - sirius!' she gasped, gazing at the fire; ron dropped his quill
' 'you've been popping into the fire every hour?' harry said, half-laughing
'you didn't say you'd written to sirius! said hermione accusingly
' 'what about - ?' ron began, but hermione interrupted him
hagrid's tough, he'll be ok.' and when they did not appear cheered by this, sirius added, 'when's your next hogsmeade weekend, anyway? i was thinking, we got away with the dog disguise at the station, didn't we? i thought i could - ' 'no!' said harry and hermione together, very loudly
'sirius, didn't you see the daily prophet?' said hermione anxiously
'what night did you dream this again?' ron said, immersed in calculations
'you disagree?' she repeated
'how long have you been teaching at hogwarts? professor umbridge asked
'don't sit there grinning like you know better than i do, i was there, wasn't i?' he said heatedly
'look,' she leaned towards him - ron, who was still watching her with a frown on his face, leaned forwards to listen too - 'you know the first weekend in october's a hogsmeade weekend? how would it be if we tell anyone who's interested to meet us in the village and we can talk it over?' 'why do we have to do it outside school?' said ron
'er - why was filch sniffing you?' asked ron, as he, harry and hermione set off at: a brisk pace down the wide drive to the gates
'a couple of people?' 'yes, well, the idea seemed quite popular,' said hermione happily
'library?' suggested katie bell after a few moments
i don't think we're going to be as lucky, though, do you?' he asked harry as the second-years hurried away
who tried to get upstairs?' they giggled happily, leaping to their feet and ogling harry and ron
it's not fair!' he added to harry, as the girls headed off for the portrait hole, still giggling madly
the prefects as well?' said fred, looking quizzically at ron and hermione
'later! we'll - talk - to - you - later!' 'i'll tell michael,' said ginny impatiently, swinging herself off her bench, 'the fool, honestly
'potter's letter!' 'oh yeah!' said harry, who had momentarily forgotten the scroll tied to hedwig's leg
'potter!' 'yes, professor?' she glanced up and down the corridor; there were students coming from both directions
'is hedwig ok?' asked hermione anxiously, the moment he was within earshot
'fighting, potter, weasley, longbottom?' snape said in his cold, sneering voice
'but you were unsuccessful?' snape's lip curled
'i suppose this is relevant?' snape asked, his black eyes narrowed
'certainly not! i have been insulted, certainly
'well,' said hermione, 'look on the bright side - at least now you'll have time to do snape's essay!' that's a bright side, is it?' snapped harry, while ron stared incredulously at hermione
' 'well, it was better than the three broomsticks!' said hermione defensively
' 'who overheard us?' harry demanded
' that was mundungus?' harry said, stunned
' 'i'm still being followed?' asked harry angrily
'why was dung hiding from us?' asked ron, sounding disappointed
' 'oh yeah?' said ron, sounding apprehensive
' 'how about the shrieking shack?' suggested sirius
'sirius?' said harry anxiously
'why did he - ?' hermione gave a horrified gasp and leapt to her feet, still staring at the fire
' 'you think umbridge attacked hedwig?' he said, outraged
silencio!' the raven cawed more loudly
'silencio!' the raven continued to open and close its sharp beak, but no sound came out
to re-form the quidditch team!' 'excellent!' said ron and harry together
'no, you know what you're doing?' ron said, sounding both scared and impressed
'harry, you're reading you-know-who's mind!' 'no,' said harry, shaking his head
what was it that voldemort wanted done that was not happening quickly enough? '
was harry potter having bad dreams?' 'not really bad,' said harry, yawning and rubbing his eyes
'dumbledore told you about it?' 'just in passing,' said harry, shrugging
' 'and umbridge?' said hermione anxiously
'we once hid from filch in here, remember, george? but it was just a broom cupboard then
'it would promote a feeling of team spirit and unity, don't you think?' 'can we be the anti-umbridge league?' said angelina hopefully
' the defence association?' said cho
'the da for short, so nobody knows what we're talking about?' 'yeah, the da's good,' said ginny
'all in favour of the da?' said hermione bossily, kneeling up on her cushion to count
' stop!' i need a whistle, he thought, and immediately spotted one lying on top of the nearest row of books
'come on now, angelina - looks like she's got just the keeper to beat! - she shoots - she - aaaah
' the slytherins sang even louder:'weasley was born in a binhe always lets the quaffle in.
''harry, what are you doing?' screamed angelina, soaring past him to keep up with katie
'are you all right?' course i am, said harry grimly, taking her hand and allowing her to pull him to his feet
'where have you been?' said hermione anxiously, springing up
'hagrid, it's us!' harry called through the keyhole
'merlin's beard, keep it down!' said hagrid hastily, staring wildly over their heads
'i just - oh, hagrid!' 'it's nuthin', it's nuthin'!' said hagrid hastily, shutting the door behind them and hurrying to close all the curtains, but hermione continued to gaze up at him in horror
'would you say it was nothing if one of us turned up with a pound of mince instead of a face?' ron demanded
' 'i'm dealin' with it, all righ?' said hagrid repressively
'oh, yeh did, did yeh?' said hagrid, surveying her sternly with the eye that was not hidden by the steak
'what d'you mean?' 'yeh don' understand,' said hagrid
'you just walked right into a giant camp?' 'well, dumbledore'd told us how ter do it,' said hagrid
' hermione said, 'wow!' softly, but harry and ron both frowned in puzzlement
'a branch of - ?' 'everlasting fire,' said hermione irritably, 'you ought to know that by now
'after you'd watched him rip off another giant's head?' 'course we did,' said hagrid, 'we hadn' gone all that way ter give up after two days! we wen' down with the next present we'd meant ter give ter karkus
'we didn' leave after three days!' said hagrid, looking outraged
'after you'd watched him rip off another giant's head?' 'course we did,' said hagrid, 'we hadn' gone all that way ter give up after two days! we wen' down with the next present we'd meant ter give ter karkus
'we didn' leave after three days!' said hagrid, looking outraged
well, they were the ones bein' beaten to a pulp, weren' they?' said hagrid patiently
' 'you went poking around dark caves looking for giants?' said ron, with awed respect in his voice
so there aren't any giants coming?' said ron, looking disappointed
'hagrid?' said hermione quietly after a while
'hagrid, hide our mugs!' hagrid seized harry and ron's mugs and shoved them under the cushion in fang's basket
'er - i don' want ter be rude,' said hagrid, staring at her, 'but who the ruddy hell are you?' 'my name is dolores umbridge
where have you been?' there was a pause in which hagrid stared at her with his newly uncovered eye
'well - change o' scene, yeh know - ' 'mountain scenery?' said umbridge swiftly
special in what way?' asked hermione tentatively
i don't care if she throws out trelawney but she's not getting rid of hagrid!'
'got all his lessons planned for him?' 'well, i tried,' she said dully, sinking into a chair beside harry
'bit more sheltered! anyway, they prefer the dark
' 'what prefers the dark?' harry heard malfoy say sharply to crabbe and goyle, a trace of panic in his voice
'ready?' said hagrid cheerfully, looking around at the class
'mind yer own business!' said hagrid, angrily
' 'oh, hello!' hagrid said, smiling, having located the source of the noise
telling you that i would be inspecting your lesson?' 'oh, yeah,' said hagrid brightly
'and what do you think of them?' she said, waving her stubby hand at the horses, who by now had stripped a great deal of the carcass down to bone
'no!' said neville, looking upset
'did she corner you after the meeting?' numbly surprised, harry nodded
' 'what's that supposed to mean?' said ron indignantly
'we've got da meetings, haven't we?' 'you know what i mean,' said hermione impatiently
'what is it, potter? where does it hurt?' he had never been so pleased to see her; it was a member of the order of the phoenix he needed now, not someone fussing over him and prescribing useless potions
' 'you mean you dreamed this?' 'no!' said harry angrily; would none of them understand? 'i was having a dream at first about something completely different, something stupid
'i tell you, i saw it happen!' 'i believe you, potter,' said professor mcgonagall curtly
'how did you see this?' dumbledore asked quietly, still not looking at harry
'you were listening?' said dumbledore
'but in essence divided?' harry could make neither head nor tail of this question
'did someone call?' 'i need you to visit your other portrait again, phineas,' said dumbledore
'sharne on you, phineas!' 'shall i persuade him, dumbledore?' called a gimlet-eyed witch, raising an unusually thick wand that looked not unlike a birch rod
'harry - what's going on?' asked ginny, who looked frightened
floo powder?' 'no,' said dumbledore, 'floo powder is not safe at the moment, the network is being watched
but then, what just happened in dumbledore's office? he asked himself
'breakfast!' said sirius loudly and joyfully, jumping to his feet
'hello,' she said, 'my husband, arthur weasley, was supposed to be moved to a different ward this morning, could you tell us - ?' 'arthur weasley?' said the witch, running her finger down a long list in front of her
' 'so, you going to tell us what happened, dad?' asked fred, pulling his chair closer to the bed
'well, you already know, don't you?' said mr weasley, with a significant smile at harry
'i can only suppose gold changed hands - ' 'you were guarding it, weren't you?' said george quietly
' 'looking for these?' said george, holding out what looked like a tangle of flesh-coloured string
'so what's the message?' 'i have just given it to you, dolt,' said phineas nigellus smoothly
'why does he want me to stay? what else did he say?' 'nothing whatsoever,' said phineas nigellus, raising a thin black eyebrow as though he found harry impertinent
'did i say that?' said phineas nigellus, idly examining his silk gloves
'i thought you were skiing with your mum and dad?' 'well, to tell the truth, skiing's not really my thing,' said hermione
'who's that for, anyway?' he added, nodding at the neatly wrapped present she was carrying
' 'what bedroom?' said harry, dropping his voice to a whisper as they were passing the portrait of sirius's mother
'family argument, eh?' smirked the blonde witch behind the desk
'you - er - 'haven't seen healer smethwyck, have you?' 'no,' said mrs weasley suspiciously, 'why?' 'nothing, nothing,' said mr weasley airily, starting to unwrap his pile of gifts
'er - how are you, professor?' said ron, sounding slightly guilty
'mow, how many autographs would you like? i can do joined-up writing now, you know!' 'er - we don't want any at the moment, thanks,' said ron, raising his eyebrows at harry, who asked, 'professor, should you be wandering around the corridors? shouldn't you be in a ward?' the smile faded slowly from lockhart's face
for a few moments he gazed intently at harry, then he said, 'haven't we met?' 'er
'you used to teach us at hogwarts, remember?' teach?' repeated lockhart, looking faintly unsettled
not that he's dangerous! but,' she lowered her voice to a whisper, 'he's a bit of a danger to himself, bless him
'and - oh, mrs longbottom, are you leaving already?' harry's head span round
'have you seen - '? lockhart's here! who've you been visiting?' 'friends of yours, neville, dear?' said neville's grandmother graciously, bearing down upon them all
well, it's nothing to be ashamed of!' said mrs longbottom angrily
i - yes, alice dear, what is it?' neville's mother had come edging down the ward in her nightdress
'again?' said mrs longbottom, sounding slightly weary
that woman kreacher's got a photo of in his den?' there was a long silence, broken by lockhart's angry voice
' 'what's he want with you?' said ron, looking unnerved as mrs weasley withdrew from the room
'you haven't done anything, have you?' 'no!' said harry indignantly, racking his brains to think what he could have done that would make snape pursue him to grimmauld place
' 'what's that supposed to mean?' said sirius, letting his chair fall back on to all four legs with a loud bang
extra lessons with snape - what on earth had he done to deserve this? he looked quickly round at sirius for support
'sirius!' said harry loudly, but sirius appeared not to hear him
'see you, harry, and keep an eye out for snakes for me!' said mr weasley genially, shaking his hand
'have a good term, ok?' 'look after yourselves,' said lupin, shaking hands all round and reaching harry last
'shall i jinx him? i can still get him from here,' he said, raising his wand and taking aim between smith's shoulder blades
'it's what everyone's going to think, isn't it? that i'm really stup - ' 'hi, harry,' said a voice behind him
he had been about to say, 'i suppose you want to know when the next da meeting is?' but her response did not seem to fit
snape looked back at him for a moment and then said contemptuously, 'surely even you could have worked that out by now, potter? the dark lord is highly skilled at legilimency - ' 'what's that? sir?' 'it is the ability to extract feelings and memories from another person's mind - ' 'he can read minds?' said harry quickly, his worst fears confirmed
'but why does professor dumbledore want to stop it?' he asked abruptly
i saw that snake attack mr weasley and if i hadn't, professor dumbledore wouldn't have been able to save him, would he? sir?' snape stared at harry for a few moments, still tracing his mouth with his finger
'and what are you going to do?' harry asked, eyeing snape's wand apprehensively
' 'did you see everything i saw?' harry asked, unsure whether he wanted to hear the answer
'control your anger, discipline your mind! we shall try again! get ready, now! legilimens!' he was watching uncle vernon hammering the letterbox shut
' 'realised what?' asked snape sharply
'what's in the department of mysteries?' 'what did you say?' snape asked quietly and harry saw, with deep satisfaction, that snape was unnerved
'how did it go?' hermione whispered, and then, looking concerned
harry, are you sure you're all right?' for harry had just run both his hands hard over his forehead as though trying to iron it
'how come we didn't recognise devil's snare? we've seen it before
'all righ', you two?' he said, trying to muster a smile but managing only a kind of pained grimace
' 'reckon they know anything new?' said ron, gazing back over his shoulder at the three teachers
'maybe what?' said hermione, rather snappishly
it was really good, wasn't it?' the subject of the quidditch world cup carried them all the way down the drive and out through the gates
'where?' 'oh, there's a really nice place just up here; haven't you ever been to madam puddifoot's?' she said brightly, leading him up a side road and into a small teashop that harry had never noticed before
listen, d'you want to come with me to the three broomsticks at lunchtime? i'm meeting hermione granger there
'i thought,' she said, tears spattering down on to the table, 'i thought you'd u - u - understand! i need to talk about it! surely you n - need to talk about it t - too! i mean, you saw it happen, d - didn't you?' everything was going nightmarishly wrong; roger davies's girlfriend had even unglued herself to look round at cho crying
'cho?' he said weakly, wishing roger would seize his girlfriend and start kissing her again to stop her goggling at him and cho
'hi, hagrid!' he said, when he had squeezed through the crammed tables and pulled up a chair beside him
then hagrid said abruptly, 'in the same boat, yeh an' me, aren' we, 'any?' 'er - ' said harry
'a girl?' she snatched up her crocodile-skin handbag and groped within it
'i'm guessing your father runs some stupid little village newsletter?' she said
' "important stories he thinks the public needs to know", eh?' she said witheringly
' 'well, this is your chance to raise the tone of it a bit, isn't it?' said hermione pleasantly
'i'm supposed to do this for free?' 'well, yes,' said hermione calmly, taking a sip of her drink
was it?' 'yeah,' mumbled harry, 'but people have got to know what voldemort's capable of, haven't they?' that's right,' said neville, nodding, 'and his death eaters, too
'well, they should!' said harry forcefully
'ron and ginny not here?' asked fred, looking around as he pulled up a chair, and when harry shook his head, he said, 'good
'you've got exams coming!' 'told you already, we're not fussed about newts,' said fred
'i think i know what this means - open this one first!' harry ripped off the brown packaging
harry, d'you mind if we - ?' 'help yourself,' said harry, feeling slightly bemused
'has someone been attacked again?' asked ron, pulling harry roughly to his feet
' 'bode was bewitched to remove something?' ron said
never out of the ministry, is he?' 'he was even hanging around that day i had my hearing,' said harry
'sorry?' said ron, looking bewildered
'sturgis podmore - ' said hermione breathlessly, 'arrested for trying to get through a door! lucius malfoy must have got him too! i bet he did it the day you saw him there, harry
'explain yourself!' said snape, who was standing over him, looking furious
'why do you call voldemort the dark lord? i've only ever heard death eaters call him that
'did you see anything unusual on your way down here, potter?' harry shook his head
may i introduce you?' he turned to face the open front doors, through which night mist was now drifting
'he's not a horse, he's a centaur!' said lavender, sounding shocked
' 'herd?' said lavender in a confused voice, and harry knew she was thinking of cows
'did hagrid breed you, like the thestrals?' asked dean eagerly
' 'his attempt is not working?' harry repeated blankly
' 'but - what's hagrid attempting to do?' said harry nervously
'harry, i think i'm doing it!' yelled seamus, who had been brought along to his first ever da meeting by dean
'who's "she", dobby?' but he thought he knew; surely only one 'she' could induce such fear in dobby? the elf looked up at him, slightly cross-eyed, and mouthed wordlessly
thank you, harry potter!' squeaked dobby, and he streaked off
'it's him!' she said jubilantly at the sight of harry on the floor, 'excellent, draco, excellent, oh, very good - fifty points to slytherin! i'll take him from here
'no.' 'or ministry decrees?' amended fudge angrily
'oh, very good, minister, very good!' harry could have kicked him
'but there was a meeting tonight!' said umbridge furiously
'see what they've named themselves?' said fudge quietly
'statement?' said fudge slowly
'you?' he whispered, stamping again on his smouldering cloak
'it's like losing a knut and finding a galleon, isn't it?' 'weasley!' cried fudge, now positively quivering with delight, 'weasley, have you written it all down, everything he's said, his confession, have you got it?' 'yes, sir, i think so, sir!' said percy eagerly, whose nose was splattered with ink from the speed of his note-taking
'oh yes he will, minerva!' said dumbledore sharply
'dawlish! shacklebolt! take him!' a streak of silver light flashed around the room; there was a bang like a gunshot and the floor trembled; a hand grabbed the scruff of harry's neck and forced him down on the floor as a second silver flash went off; several of the portraits yelled, fawkes screeched and a cloud of dust filled the air
'grimmauld place?' 'oh no,' said dumbledore, with a grim smile, 'i am not leaving to go into hiding
'well, he can't have disapparated!' cried umbridge
' 'you think so, do you?' said professor mcgonagall scornfully
'yeah, we're prefects, too, remember?' snarled ron
'but members of the inquisitorial squad - ' 'the what?' said hermione sharply
'never been expelled, have we?' 'we've always known where to draw the line,' said fred
' 'anything to do with what?' said hermione anxiously
'where is albus dumbledore?' 'no idea,' said harry promptly
'hurry, filch, hurry!' shrieked umbridge, 'they'll be all over the school unless we do something - stupefy!' a jet of red light shot out of the end of her wand and hit one of the rockets
'cool!' said seamus, who was silhouetted against the window
what did they stand for? 'quills down, please!' squeaked professor flitwick
that means you too, stebbins! please remain seated while i collect your parchment! accio!' over a hundred rolls of parchment zoomed into the air and into professor flitwick's outstretched arms, knocking him backwards off his feet
'did you like question ten, moony?' asked sirius as they emerged into the entrance hall
' 'd'you think you managed to get all the signs?' said james in tones of mock concern
'all right, snivellus?' said james loudly
'scourgify!' pink soap bubbles streamed from snape's mouth at once; the froth was covering his lips, making him gag, choking him - ' 'leave him alone!' james and sirius looked round
'all right, evans?' said james, and the tone of his voice was suddenly pleasant, deeper, more mature
been enjoying yourself, potter?' 'n-no,' said harry, trying to free his arm
' 'so you've stopped having funny dreams?' said hermione sceptically
have you two had a row again?' 'wha- oh, yeah, we have,' said harry, seizing gratefully on the excuse
'chocolate in the library!' she screamed
'if harry wants to do it, it's up to him, isn't it?' 'spoken like a true friend and weasley,' said fred, clapping ron hard on the back
i thought you'd finished, so i cleared up!' harry could not bring himself to answer
'you'll want to know which subjects you ought to take, i suppose?' she went on, talking a little louder than before
'potter,' she said in ringing tones, 'i will assist you to become an auror if it is the last thing i do! if i have to coach you nightly, i will make sure you achieve the required results!' the minister for magic will never employ harry potter!' said umbridge, her voice rising furiously
'yes! yes, yes, yes! of course! that's what you want, isn't it, minerva mcgonagall? you want cornelius fudge replaced by albus dumbledore! you think you'll be where i am, don't you: senior undersecretary to the minister and headmistress to boot!' 'you are raving,' said professor mcgonagall, superbly disdainful
'harry - please!' hermione pleaded weakly
'what are you - 'what's happened, is everything all right?' 'yeah,' said harry
i mean, he never lost an opportunity to curse james so you couldn't really expect james to take that lying down, could you?' 'and my mum was ok with that?' 'she didn't know too much about it, to tell you the truth,' said sirius
'do you understand me? nothing!' 'ok, ok,' said harry, thoroughly discomposed, not to mention annoyed
'i'd better go!' he said hastily and pulled his head backwards out of the grimmauld place fire
'anyway, more trouble for umbridge, isn't it?' said harry in a satisfied voice
'it's a bit dodgy, isn't it? they'll need loads of galleons to afford the rent on a place in diagon alley
' 'i wasn't going to say anything about fred and george!' she said in an injured voice
'i mean, i can't get any worse, can i?' he told harry and hermione grimly over breakfast on the morning of the match
'cho will be playing, won't she?' harry, who had not forgotten this, merely grunted
'hey - did someone jus' score?' 'it'll be ravenclaw,' said harry heavily
'into the forest?' said hermione, perplexed
the centaurs?' 'ah, no,' said hagrid, shaking his head dismissively, 'no, it's not them
'no, it ruddy well wasn'!' said hagrid indignantly
'small?' 'hermione, i couldn' leave him,' said hagrid, tears now trickling down his bruised face into his beard
turns out me mother took up with another giant when she left me dad, an' she went an' had grawp here - ' 'grawp?' said harry
' 'oh, hagrid, why on earth didn't you let him!' said hermione, flopping down on to a ripped up tree and burying her face in her hands
'so, what is it you want harry and ron and me to do?' hermione as-ked apprehensively
'not food or anythin'!' said hagrid eagerly
'oh my!' harry heard hermione squeal, terrified, beside him
'company, see! look down, yeh big buffoon, i brought yeh some friends!' 'oh, hagrid, don't,' moaned hermione, but hagrid had already raised the bough again and gave grawp's knee a sharp poke
'but you saw her chuck her broom away when she got back to the ground, didn't you?' 'er - ' said harry 'well, actually
'you didn't see me make any of those saves?' well - no,' said hermione, stretching out a placatory hand towards him
'knowing her won't hurt your chances, though, will it?' ron told him encouragingly
'journey was fine, journey was fine, we've made it plenty of times before!' she said impatiently
'she thinks it's hagrid doing it, remember? and we do not want hagrid chucked out!' 'he's teaching at the moment; she can't blame him,' said harry, gesturing out of the window
'my dear!' said professor tofty in a scandalised voice
'how dare you!' 'it's mcgonagall!' whispered hermione
'leave him alone! alone, i say!' said professor mcgonagall's voice through the darkness
'hagrid did well, didn't he?' said ron, who looked more alarmed than impressed
'how come all the spells bounced off him?' 'it'll be his giant blood,' said hermione shakily
'i 'spect he's gone to join dumbledore, hasn't he?' 'i suppose so,' said hermione, who looked tearful
'but why sack hagrid now?' asked angelina johnson, shaking her head
heard the high, cold voice say 'crucio!' the man on the floor let out a scream of pain, attempted to stand but fell back, writhing
'harry!' said hermione at once, looking very frightened
how did voldemort get into the ministry of magic without anybody realising he was there?' 'how do i know?' bellowed harry
'ok,' she said, looking frightened yet determined, 'i've just got to say this - ' 'what?' 'you
i'm trying to say - voldemort knows you, harry! he took ginny down into the chamber of secrets to lure you there, it's the kind of thing he does, he knows you're the - the sort of person who'd go to sirius's aid! what if he's just trying to get you into the department of myst - ?' 'hermione, it doesn't matter if he's done it to get me there or not - they've taken mcgonagall to st mungo's, there isn't anyone from the order left at hogwarts who we can tell, and if we don't go, sirius is dead!' 'but harry - what if your dream was - was just that, a dream?' harry let out a roar of frustration
' 'i've told you, i saw - ' 'harry, i'm begging you, please!' said hermione desperately
' 'sirius is being tortured now!' shouted harry
' 'how?' harry demanded
' 'five minutes'll be enough,' said harry 'c'mon, let's go - ' 'now?' said hermione, looking shocked
'what did you think, we're going to wait until after dinner or something? hermione, sirius is being tortured right now!' 'i - oh, all right,' she said desperately
'ready to go, then?' all right, whispered hermione as a gang of loud sixth-years passed them
with whom have you been communicating?' 'no one - ' said harry, trying to pull away from her
'liar!' shouted umbridge
' 'a month?' squawked umbndge, swelling toadishly
'you arc being deliberately unhelpful! i expected better, lucius malfoy always speaks most highly of you! now get out of my office!' snape gave her an ironic bow and turned to leave
only you wriggled out of that one, didn't you, potter? not today though, not now - ' and taking a deep breath, she cried, 'cruc- 'no!' shouted hermione in a cracked voice from behind millicent bulstrode
'you have been developing some method of resistance? a weapon you could use against the ministry? on professor dumbledore's orders, of course?' 'y - y - yes,' gasped hermione, 'but he had to leave before it was finished and n - n - now we've finished it for him, and we c - c - can't find him t - t - to tell him!' 'what kind of weapon is it?' said umbridge harshly, her stubby hands still tight on hermione's shoulders
'it's hidden in hagrid's hut, is it?' said umbridge eagerly in harry's ear
'not far now!' shouted hermione, as they emerged into a dim, dank clearing
'nooooo!' he heard umbridge shriek
'and these?' said the hard-faced, grey centaur holding hermione
'hagger!' he said again, more insistently
'harry!' she whispered
'where hagger?' 'i don't know!' squealed hermione, terrified
'so,' said ron, pushing aside a low-hanging branch and holding out harry's wand, 'had any ideas?' 'how did you get away?' asked harry in amazement, taking his wand from ron
' 'and they left you behind?' asked ginny, looking astonished
'it was all supposed to be about fighting you-know-who, wasn't it? and this is the first chance we've had to do something real - or was that all just a game or something?' 'no - of course it wasn't - ' said harry impatiently
we're here to save someone, unless your ministry can do it first!' thank you,' said the cool female voice
'what was that about?' whispered ron fearfully
'how're we going to get back out?' said neville uncomfortably
'what're those things?' whispered ron
'nobody's talking, harry!' said hermione, now moving over to him
'harry, we are supposed to be here for sirius!' she said in a high-pitched, strained voice
this is it, then, isn't it?' said ron excitedly, joining harry in the attempt to force the door open
'but what if that's the one?' said ron, staring at it with a mixture of apprehension and longing
'you know what could be in there?' said luna eagerly, as the wall started to spin yet again
this is it!' he knew it at once by the beautiful, dancing, diamond-sparkling light
'you dawdled enough by that old arch!' she said crossly, but followed him past the bell jar to the only door behind it
' 'harry?' said hermione tentatively, but he did not want to respond
'what?' said harry, but eagerly this time - it had to be a sign that sirius had been there, a clue
'what?' harry repeated glumly
dark lordand (?)harry potterharry stared at it
'it's something to do with me, isn't it?' 'don't, harry,' said neville suddenly
'i know you've got him!' more of the death eaters laughed, though the woman laughed loudest of all
'what kind of prophecy?' repeated bellatrix, the grin fading from her face
'yeah, i've got no problem with saying vol- 'shut your mouth!' bellatrix shrieked
'do not attack! we need the prophecy!' 'he dared - he dares - ' shrieked bellatrix incoherently, 'he stands there - filthy half-blood - ' 'wait un'i'll we've got the prophecy!' bawled malfoy
the dark lord, walk into the ministry of magic, when they are so sweetly ignoring his return? the dark lord, reveal himself to the aurors, when at the moment they are wasting their time on my dear cousin?' 'so, he's got you doing his dirty work for him, has he?' said harry
he ripped it off with his free hand and shouted: 'stup-' 'stupefy!' screamed hermione, who had just caught up with them
'ginny?' harry said fearfully
'get it, harry? we saw uranus - ha ha ha - ' a bubble of blood grew at the corner of ron's mouth and burst
' 'harry,' said ron, pulling harry's ear down to his mouth and still giggling weakly, 'you know who this girl is, harry? she's loony
'colloportus!' shouted harry, and he heard three bodies slam into the door on the other side
there are other ways in - we've got them, they're here!' harry span around; they were back in the brain room and, sure enough, there were doors all around the walls
'it's longbottom, isn't it?' sneered lucius malfoy
' 'i doe you hab!' roared neville, and he fought so hard against his captor's encircling grip that the death eater shouted, 'someone stun him!' 'no, no, no,' said bellatrix
'now, potter, either give us the prophecy, or watch your little friend die the hard way!' harry did not have to think; there was no choice
'come on, you can do better than that!' he yelled, his voice echoing around the cavernous room
sirius was hiding, simply lurking out of sight - ' 'sirius!' he bellowed
'sirius!' there was movement going on around them, pointless bustling, the flashes of more spells
'harry?' neville had slid down the stone benches one by one to the place where harry stood
'she killed him - 'i'll kill her!' and he was off, scrambling up the stone benches; people were shouting behind him but he did not care
'where's the exit?' he shouted desperately, as the wall rumbled to a halt again
'never used an unforgivable curse before, have you, boy?' she yelled
'potter, i'm going to give you one chance!' shouted bellatrix
'what - ?' cried voldemort, staring around
and then he breathed, 'dumbledore!' harry looked behind him, his heart pounding
the aurors are on their way - ' 'by which time i shall be gone, and you will be dead!' spat voldemort
'and what brings you here in the early hours of the morning?' said phineas eventually
'people don't like being locked up!' harry said furiously, rounding on him
'ought i to have told you then?' harry stared into the blue eyes and said nothing, but his heart was racing again
'it means - me?' dumbledore surveyed him for a moment through his glasses
'he might have marked the wrong person!' 'he chose the boy he thought most likely to be a danger to him,' said dumbledore
'you may, perhaps, have wondered why i never chose you as a prefect? i must confess
but he left a tiny patch under the window and he's roped it off - ' 'why?' said hermione, looking startled
'speaking of centaurs,' said hermione, when she had recovered a little, 'who's divination teacher now? is firenze staying?' 'he's got to,' said harry, 'the other centaurs won't take him back, will they?' 'it looks like he and trelawney are both going to teach,' said ginny
'after we've just found out that there are real prophecies?' harry's heart began to race
'ah. i see there are no longer any points left in the gryffindor hour-glass to take away
'well, i think potter and his friends ought to have fifty points apiece for alerting the world to the return of you-know-who! what say you, professor snape?' 'what?' snapped snape, though harry knew he had heard perfectly well
'all righ', harry!' he said, beaming, when harry approached the fence
'how's things?' hagrid asked him, as they settled down at his wooden table with a glass apiece of iced juice
he died in battle, an tha's the way he'd've wanted ter go - ' 'he didn't want to go at all!' said harry angrily
'er - now, harry?' said nick, looking discomfited
can we go in here?' harry opened the door of the nearest classroom and nearly headless nick sighed
but you're still here, aren't you?' nick sighed and continued to gaze out at the grounds
well?' he added impatiently, when nick continued to say nothing
so he can come back, right?' nick turned away from the window and looked mournfully at harry
'you're dead, aren't you?' said harry exasperatedly
'who's she with now, anyway?' ron asked hermione, but it was ginny who answered
'well, i've chosen dean thomas, would you say he's better?' asked ginny vaguely
'ron, ginny!' called mrs weasley, hurrying forwards and hugging her children tightly
'and do i look like the kind of man who can be intimidated?' barked uncle vernon
"of course they were," he said, "surely you've realized what's going on?"
"you'reyou're not a hoax, then?"it had been his last, desperate hope
"we'll have them rounded up in no timejust thought you ought to know!"and before the prime minister could shout, "now, wait just one moment!" fudge had vanished in a shower of green sparks
"at war?" repeated the prime minister nervously
"what involvement?"fudge grimaced
i've never known them so united in my whole term of office!" said fudge, with a brave attempt at a smile
"he's only quacking!" said the prime minister weakly
"i well he'll be all right, won't he?" said the prime minister anxiously
wait!"the harsh cry startled the fox, now crouching almost flat in the undergrowth
cissy, you must not do this, you can't trust him"the dark lord trusts him, doesn't he?"the dark lord is
narcissa!"but narcissa had rushed ahead
narcissa!" said the man, opening the door a little wider, so that the light fell upon her and her sister too
so, what can i do for you?" snape asked, settling himself in the armchair opposite the two sisters
we are alone, aren't we?" narcissa asked quietly
"and bellatrix! how charming"wormtail will get us drinks, if you'd like them," said snape
really? i was under the impression that the dark lord placed you here to assist me
you were saying, narcissa?"she took a great, shuddering breath and started again
"you think he is mistaken? or that i have somehow hoodwinked him? fooled the dark lord, the greatest wizard, the most accomplished legilimens the world has ever seen?"bellatrix said nothing, but looked, for the first time, a little discomfited
"he'd have me!" said bellatrix passionately
will you, severus, watch over my son, draco, as he attempts to fulfill the dark lord's wishes?"i will," said snape
and will you, to the best of your ability, protect him from harm?"i will," said snape
aren't - aren't we leaving, sir?" harry asked anxiously
"sir what happened to your ?"later, harry," said dumbledore
bellatrix lestrange, sirius's killer, inherit his house?"no," he said
"do i do i have to keep him with me?" harry asked, aghast, us kreacher thrashed around at his feet
doubtful that i would turn up?" dumbledore suggested shrewdly
i'm sorry?" said dumbledore politely
us mistreat dudders? what d'you ?" began uncle vernon furiously, but dumbledore raised his ringer for silence, a silence which fell as though he had struck uncle vernon dumb
are you all right?" asked dumbledore, looking down at him solicitously
"and what are we doing here?"ah yes, of course, i haven't told you," said dumbledore
what gave it away?" he grunted as he staggered to his feet, still rubbing his lower belly
<"which was your house?"i was head of slytherin," said slughorn
the whole black family had been in my house, but sirius ended up in gryffindor! shame he was a talented boy
?"slughorn seemed agitated
you will come out of retirement?"yes, yes," said slughorn impatiently
sirius wouldn't have wanted that, would he? and anyway, life's too short
"private with you?" said harry, surprised out of his preoccupied silence
"declare yourself!"it is i, dumbledore, bringing harry
harry, dear! gracious, albus, you gave me a fright, you said not to expect you before morning!"we were lucky," said dumbledore, ushering harry over the threshold
so hermione's here?" he asked happily as he tickled crookshanks behind the ears
did you like him?"his mouth now full of bread, harry shrugged and gave a noncommittal jerk of the head
all right?"never been better," said harry, rubbing the top of his head and slumping back onto his pillows
yeah, now umbridge has left, obviously we need a new defense against the dark arts teacher, don't we? so, er, what's he like?"he looks a bit like a walrus, and he used to be head of slytherin," said harry
"he can't be worse than umbridge, can he?"i know someone who's worse than umbridge," said a voice from the doorway
"what's she done now?" asked hermione sympathetically
er ?congratulations!"she swooped down upon him and kissed him again
mrs. weasley made a noise that sounded like -=-"tchah!"mum hates her," said ginny quietly
and she's more intelligent, she's an auror!" said hermione from the corner
she stared at him, then whispered, "are you scared?"not as much as i was," said harry
bill told me w fred and george are very amusing!" said fleur, smiling serenely
"that gives you equal status with prefects!" cried hermione happily
"i'm to wait for you, any idea how long you'll be?" "a couple of hours, i expect," said mr. weasley
"one for your little girl, madam?" he called at mrs. weasley as they passed, leering at ginny
"that's quite enough!" said madam malkin sharply, looking over her shoulder for support
"going to get a few death eater pals to do us in, are you?" madam malkin squealed and clutched at her heart
"harry, no!" moaned hermione, grabbing his arm and attempting to push it down by his side
"got ev'rything?" asked hagrid brightly when they reappeared at his side
"did you see the malfoys?" "yeah," said hagrid, unconcerned
but the ministry bought five hundred for all its support staff! and we're still getting massive orders!" "so we've expanded into a range of shield cloaks, shield gloves
"haven't you girls found our special wonderwitch products yet?" asked fred
are you or are you not currently going out with a boy called dean thomas?" "yes, i am," said ginny
"they're really cute!" "they're fairly cuddly, yes," conceded fred
"but you're moving through boyfriends a bit fast, aren't you?" ginny turned to look at him, her hands on her hips
"but i haven't got three galleons, nine sickles!" "you'd better put it back then, and mind you put it on the right shelves
"extendable ears, look!" "fantastic!" said hermione, as ron unraveled the long, flesh- colored strings and began to feed them toward the bottom of the door
"oh, i hope the door isn't imperturbable " "no!" said ron gleefully
"what was that about?" whispered ron, reeling in the extendable ears
am i about to discover where you, ron, and hermione disappeared to while you were supposed to be in the back room of fred and george's shop?"how did you ??"harry, please
i think he's been branded with the dark mark. think he's replaced his father as a death eater
fancy trying to find a compartment?"i can't, harry, i said i'd meet dean," said ginny brightly
now, do you know everyone?" slughorn asked harry and neville
pheasant, belby?"belby started and accepted what looked like half a cold pheasant
"you want to be careful, blaise! i saw this young lady perform the most marvelous bat-bogey hex as i was passing her carriage! i wouldn't cross her!"zabini merely looked contemptuous
"strange man, isn't he?" "yeah, he is a bit," said harry, his eyes on zabini
"how come you ended up in there, ginny?"he saw me hex zacharias smith," said ginny
he invited longbottom?
"i mean, i might not even be at hogwarts next year, what's it matter to me if some fat old has-been likes me or not?"what do you mean, you might not be at hogwarts next year?" said pansy indignantly, ceasing grooming malfoy at once
what had malfoy wanted to hide from pansy? was he about to see the mysterious broken object it was so important to mend?"petrificus totalus!"without warning, malfoy pointed his wand at harry, who was instantly paralyzed
thanks a lot!" you'd better put that cloak back on, and we can walk up to the school," said tonks, still unsmiling
''was that a patronus?" asked harry, who had seen dumbledore send messages like this
is it just you who's stationed up here, or ?" "no, proudfoot, savage, and dawlish are here too
"dawlish, that auror dumbledore attacked last year?" "that's right
you're covered in blood!" said hermione
"come here "she raised her wand, said "tergeo!" and siphoned off the dried blood
"how's my nose looking? normal," said hermoine anxiously
hat say anything interesting?" asked harry, taking a piece of treacle tart
so what did professor slughorn want?" hermione asked
"people were interrogating us about it on the train, weren't they, ron?"yeah," said ron
"potions?"potions?"the word echoed all over the hall as people wondered wheel they had heard right
potions?" said ron and hermione together, turning to stare harry
harry!" said hermione, shocked and reproachful
"we're going to need that time for studying, ron!" said hermione, as they set off down the corridor
in charms?"my grandmother thinks charms is a soft option," mumbled neville
now, why haven't you applied to continue with potions? i thought it was your ambition to become an auror?"it was, but you told me i had to get an 'outstanding' in my o
"tell me when you call trials!"don't be stupid," said harry, "you don't need to try out, i watched you play for five years
has an inferius been seen, then?" said parvati patil in a high pitched voice
'" "that was brilliant, harry!" chortled ron, once they were safely on their way to break a short while later
ir seems almost foolish to ask," said slughorn, who was looking mightily impressed, "but i assume you know what it does?" it's the most powerful love porion in the world!" said hermione
"granger? granger? can you possibly be related to hector dagworth-granger, who founded the most extraordinary society of potioneers?"no. i don't think so, sir
hermione turned to harry with a radiant expression and whispered, "did you really tell him i'm the best in the year? oh, harry!" "well, what's so impressive about that?" whispered ron, who for some reason looked annoyed
"why don't people drink it all the time, sir?" said terry boot eagerly
"stop stirring, please!" slughorn moved slowly among the tables, peering into cauldrons
i s'pose you think i cheated?" he finished, aggravated by her expression
finished?" said harry irritably
"i hope you've had an enjoyable first week back at school?" "yes, thanks, sir," said harry
"shall shall i, sir?" "no matter, harry " dumbledore pointed his wand at the bottle and the cork flew out
"you understand him, i'm sure, harry?" said dumbledore quietly
"that was morfin, wasn't it?" "at, that was morfin," said the old man indifferently
"are you pure-blood?" he asked, suddenly aggressive
"mr. gaunt," ogden began again, "as i've said: the reason for my visit " "i heard you the first time!" snapped gaunt
"what's that, then, his sentence?" said gaunt, his voice rising angrily
"don't you go talk-ing to us as if we're dirt on your shoes! generations of purebloods, wizards all more than you can say, i don't doubt!" and he spat on the floor at ogdens feet
"couldn't your father have that hovel cleared away, tom?" "it's not ours," said a young man's voice
"what's that?" said gaunt sharply, also in parseltongue, looking from his son to his daughter
"that old man was ?" "voldemort's grandfather, yes," said dumbledore
sir, isn't it the same ring marvolo gaunt showed ogden?" dumbledore bowed his head
"that would be around the time you injured your hand, then, sir?" "around that time, yes, harry
"excellent, who?" said harry, thinking of bellatrix lestrange
"haven't you noticed? his seat's been empty as often as hagrid's this past week
"how are you?" harry asked him in a low voice, moving for-ward to stroke the feathery head
that's me outsmarted, innit? all righ', come in then, yeh ungrateful little
"we've missed you!" said hermione tremulously
"what?" said hermione defensively
"was this spell, by any chance, another one from that potion book of yours?" she asked
yeah, it was, but so what?" "so you just decided to try out an unknown, handwritten in-cantation and see what would happen?" "why does it matter if it's handwritten?" said harry, preferring not to answer the rest of the question
"it won't do, m'boy, i'm determined to have you! miss granger loves them, don't you?" "yes," said hermione helplessly, "they're really " "so why don't you come along, harry?" demanded slughorn
"well, i certainly expect you to win your first match after all the, hard work!" said slughorn
"well, i'll see you all _ ouch!" harry had pinned mundungus against the wall of the pub by the throat
"harry!" squealed hermione
"he's nicked sirius's stuff! nicked it!" "yes, but still," said tonks, who seemed perfectly untroubled by this piece of information
"what he actually said was, 'how would i look carrying that down the street?'" said hermione
"how do you know, professor?" "because he was doing detention with me
how is she?" "still very unwell, although she was relatively lucky
"she wouldn't even stay alive for her son?" dumbledore raised his eyebrows
"where are we going?" harry asked, as dumbledore joined him at the front of the desk
"well, his name has been down for our school since birth ?quot; "who registered him? his parents?" there was no doubt that mrs. cole was an inconveniently sharp woman
"i suppose you'd like to see him?" "very much," said dumbledore, rising too
"where can i get one of them?" "all in good time," said dumbledore
"is there anything in that box that you ought not to have?" asked dumbledore
i can help you find everything ?quot; "you're coming with me?" asked riddle, looking up
how do you get to this diagon alley ?sir?" he added, catching dumbledore's eye
"you dislike the name 'tom'?" "there are a lot of toms," muttered riddle
"gwenog jones?" said ron, his eyes widening under his own goggles
"you were going to ask me?" asked ron, in a completely differ-ent voice
"d' you think i want peo-ple saying my sister's a " "a what?" shouted ginny, drawing her wand
"how are you both feeling?" she asked tentatively, her eyes on the back of ron's head
i'd never have believed it of you, harry!" "look who's talking," he whispered back
"confunded anyone lately?" she stormed up the table away from them
"malfoy not playing?" "lucky, i call it," said ron, looking slightly more animated
"oi, harper!" yelled harry in desperation
"party up in the common room, seamus said!" yelled dean exuberantly
"c'mon, ginny, demelza!" ron and harry were the last two in the changing room
"what are you two talking about?" asked harry, turning away to hang up his robes so that neither of them would see him grinning, "you know perfectly well what we're talking about!" said hermione shrilly
"yes you did, harry, and that's why everything went right, there were slytherin players missing and ron saved everything!" "i didn't put it in!" said harry, grinning broadly
"there really wasn't anything in my pumpkin juice?" ron said, astounded
i honestly haven't been given lucky potion?" ] harry shook his head
"hi, harry!" said romilda vane, the moment he had climbed through the portrait hole
" d id you know one of your eyebrows is bright yellow?" "hi, luna
"no!" said parvati, looking positively agog at thi s piece of gossip
"harry, m'boy!" boomed slughorn, almost as soon as harry and luna had squeezed in through the door
"i was saying to professor slughorn only the other day, 'where is the biography of harry potter for which we have all been waiting?'" "er," said harry, "were you?" "just as modest as horace described!" said worple
"stop skulking and come and join us, severus!" hiccuped slughorn happily
"you're in trouble, you are! didn't the headma ster say that nighttime prowling ' s out, unless you've got permission, didn't he, eh?" -=-"that's all right, argus, that's all right," said slughorn, waving it
what had happened to make malfoy speak to snape like this snape, toward whom he had always shown respect, even liking? "so that is why you have been avoiding me this term? you have feared my interference? you realize that, had anybody else failed to come to my office when i had told them repeatedly to be there, draco " "so put me in detention! report me to dumbledore!" jeered malfoy
"where do you think i would have been all these years, if i had not known how to act? now listen to me! you are being incautious, wandering around at night, getting yourself caught, and if you are placing your reliance in assistants like crabbe and goyle " "they're not the only ones, i've got other people on my side, better people!" "then why not confide in me, and i can " "i know what you're up to! you want to steal my glory!" there was another pause, then snape said coldly, "you are speaking like a child
|; "well, how did she sustain such extensive brain damage? care-ful, now!" mrs. weasley entered the room just in time to see ron throw the sprout knife at fred, who had turned it into a paper airplane with one lazy flick of his wand, "ron!" she said furiously
"percy definitely not showing his ugly face, then?" asked fred
there was silence for a moment or two, then ron said, " 'course, you know what they'll all say? dad and dumbledore and all of them? they'll say snape isn't really trying to help malfoy, he was just trying to find out what malfoy's up to
"has it been busy at the ministry?" "very," said mr. weasley
"has it occurred to you, harry," said mr. weasley, "that snape was simply pretending ?" "pretending to offer help, so that he could find out what malfoy's up to?" said harry quickly
"maybe he didn't dare mess with the potion with dumbledore watching him!" said harry
"how come they like voldemort?" "they think that, under his rule, they will have a better life," said lupin
"is this a title you re thinking of adopting? i should have thought be-ing 'the chosen one' would be enough
"have you ever let it slip that you'd like to go out in public with the words 'my sweetheart' round your neck?" "well
"but tonks has got her own family to go to, hasn't she?" "hmmm," said mrs. weasley
no, no, i assure you i don't want to butt in! well, if anybody cared to show me your charming garden
"and what has dumbledore told you, harry?" "sorry, but that's between us," said harry
it's all perception, isn't it? it's what people believe that's important
what does that mean?" "oh, well, nothing at all onerous, i assure you," said scrim-geour
"and you wouldn't tell me if you knew," said scrimgeour, "would you?" "no, wouldn't," said harry
when he had finished, hermione sat in thought for a moment and then said, "don't you think ?" " he was pretending to offer help so that he could trick malfoy into telling him what he's doing?" "well, yes," said hermione
snape definitely said 'your master,' and who else would that be?" "i don't know," said hermione, biting her lip
"no, no, not history of magic malfoy threatened borgin with kim!" said hermione
"back in knockturn alley, don't you remember? he told borgin that greyback was an old family friend and that he'd be checking up on borgin's progress!" harry gaped at her
"oh, come on," said harry in exasperation, "you can't get round this one!" "well
that's only march for me!" "yeah, but you wouldn't be able to apparate in here, not in the castle
"not the point, is it? everyone would know i could apparate if i wanted
"i hear that you met the minister of magic over christmas?" "yes," said harry
"after umbridge ? "i told cornelius there was no chance of it, but the idea did not die when he left: office
"didn't you tell them, sir, what he'd been like when you met him at the orphanage?" asked harry
"you!" and he hurtled drunkenly at riddle, wand and knife held aloft
"so voldemort stole morfin's wand and used it?" said harry, sitting up straight
"and morfin never realized he hadn't done it?" "never," said dumbledore
"sir, is it true that professor merrythought is retiring?" he asked
'after all, when has won-won's judgement ever been faulty?''hermione, can't you ''no!' she said angrily, and stormed away, leaving harry alone and ankle-deep in snow
'settle down, settle down, please! quickly, now, lots of work to get through this afternoon! golpalott's third law
hadn't he once, long ago, heard of bezoars? hadn't snape mentioned them in their first ever potions lesson? 'a stone taken from the stomach of a goat, which will protect from most poisons
'it would've just looked stupid if we'd both done it!' said harry irritably
'look, i had to try and soften him up so i could ask him about voldemort, didn't i? oh, will you gel a grip!' he added in exasperation, as ron winced at the sound of the name
mean, why mention it, then?' she said impatiently, slamming the old book shut; it let out a ghostly wail
'sir,' said harry desperately, ' just thought there might be a 'did you?' said slughorn
'it would've just looked stupid if we'd both done it!' said harry irritably
'i haven't found one single explanation of what horcruxes do!' she told him
i mean, why mention it, then?' she said impatiently, slamming the old book shut; it let out a ghostly wail
don't you want to leam to apparate?' said ron incredulously
'but now all i've got to look forward to is stupid appar-ition!' said ron grumpily
'malfoy's gone again!' 'can't have done,' said ron, stuffing a second cauldron into his mouth as he slid out of bed to get dressed
'you've just eaten half a box of chocolate cauldrons, haven't you?' 'it's not that,' ron sighed again
'harry!' said ron suddenly
they stared at each other for almost a whole minute, before harry said, 'this is a joke, right? you're joking
'where did you get those chocolate cauldrons?' 'they were a birthday present!' shouted ron, revolving slowly in midair as he struggled to get free
harry - is he hiding her?' 'was this potion within date?' asked slughorn, now eyeing ron with professional interest
he can't miss what he's never had! why don't we open it now and celebrate mr weasley's birthday? nothing like a fine spirit to chase away the pangs of disappointed love
"slughorn poured it out "would he have been able to slip something into ron's glass without you seeing?"probably," said harry, "but why would slughorn want to poison ron?"no idea," said fred, frowning
"aragog's worse, i bin readin' to him didn' get up ter dinner till jus' now an' then professor sprout told me abou' ron! how is he?"not bad," said harry
"no more than six visitors at a time!" said madam pomfrey, hurrying out of her office
who'd want ter hurt him, eh?"that's just what we were discussing," said harry
"hasn't he got any ideas, hagrid?" asked hermione desperately
"don shout stuff like that, harry, d'yeh wan me ter lose me job? mind, i don' suppose yeh'd care, would yeh, not now yeh've given up care of mag "don't try and make me feel guilty, it wont work!" said harry forcefully
"what's snape done?"i dunno, harry, i shouldn'ta heard it at all! i well, i was comin outta the forest the other evenin an' i overheard 'em talking well, arguin
"well?" harry urged him, as hagrid shuffled his enormous feet uneasily
"out of bed so late, this'll mean detention!"no it won', filch," said hagrid shortly
well, they're friends, aren't they?" said harry uncomfortably
"would you call getting poisoned being interesting?" asked harry
where have you been?" demanded ginny, as harry sprinted into the changing rooms
kreacher?"there was a very loud crack, and the sounds of scuffling and squeaks filled the silent room
"yes, harry potter!" said dobby at once, his great eyes shining with excitement
mr. burke wishes me to inquire " "oh, mr. burke, phooey!" said hepzibah, waving a little hand
?" "helga hufflepuff 's, as you very well know, you clever boy!" said hepzibah, leaning forward with a loud creaking of corsets and actually pinching his hollow cheek
"are you all right, dear?" "oh yes," said voldemort quietly
"may i offer you a drink?" "that would be welcome," said voldemort
"well, then, what better place to start my fresh researches than here, at hogwarts?" said voldemort
"a job i do not want? on the contrary, dumbledore, i want it very much
"i'm telling you, the stupid prince isn't going to be able to help you with this, harry!" said hermione, more loudly
"and kreacher ought to tell dobby when he is coming to see harry potter so they can make their re-ports together!" "what is this?" asked hermione, still looking shocked by these sudden appearances
"that's where he's been sneaking off to! that's where he's doing whatever he's doing! and i bet that's why he's been disappearing off the map come to think of it, i've never seen the room of requirement on there!" "maybe the marauders never knew the room was there," said ron
"but what's all this about him going up there with a variety of students'?" said hermione
" "well, what harry said is the most useful if we're trying to tell them apart!" said ron
"snape's right, though, isn't he?" said ron, after staring into a cracked mirror for a minute or two
i came and saw you in your bath once, remember?" "vividly," said harry
"i've been trying!" said harry crossly, which was perfectly true
"has he?" said harry, putting his bruised foot gingerly back on the floor
"i did it well, kind of!" ron told harry enthusiastically when he caught sight of him
"how'd you do, hermione?" "oh, she was perfect, obviously," said ron, before hermione could answer
"have you been up at the room of requirement all this time?" "yep," said harry
"what for?" demanded ron incredulously
"what on earth is more important than this memory, harry?" asked hermione
"blimey, they don't look happy, do they?" "they're the montgomery sisters and of course they don't look happy, didn't you hear what happened to their little brother?" said hermione
"and you too!" said hermione with a significant look, as harry headed off to the dungeons
"what do you mean, 'something amusing'?" he said irritably
"so, harry you going to use the felix felicis or what?" ron demanded
"that enough for you?" "plenty, plenty," said slughorn, who, harry saw, was carrying an armful of leafy plants
"the forest?" "blimey, no," said hagrid, wiping his streaming eyes on the bot-tom of his shirt
"interested? my dear hagrid, i revere them," said slughorn, stepping back from the body
"that's not unicorn hair, hagrid?" "oh, yeah," said hagrid indifferently
"i don't don't suppose you remember it, harry?" he asked awkwardly
"that's enough!" said slughorn suddenly, raising a shaking hand
"what sort of time do you call this?" "i'm really sorry i had to go out for something important " "well, the password changed at midnight, so you'll just have to sleep in the corridor, won't you?" "you're joking!" said harry
the wizard intent upon creating a horcrux would use the damage to his advantage: he would encase the torn portion " "encase? but how ?" "there is a spell, do not ask me, i don't know!" said slughoin shaking his head like an old elephant bothered by mosquitoes
" do i look as though i have tried it do i look like a killer?" "no, sir, of course not," said riddle quickly
"what i don't understand, though just out of curiosity i mean, would one horcrux be much use? can you only split your soul once? wouldn't it be better, make you stronger, to have your soul in more pieces, i mean, for instance, isn't seven the most powerfully magical number, wouldn't seven ?" "merlin's beard, tom!" yelped slughorn
'further than anybody!' and i thought i knew what that meant, though the death eaters did not
"do you think you know what they are, sir?" "i can only guess," said dumbledore
"unless he s got both?" "i don't think so," said dumbledore
i wonder what you will say when i confess that i have been curious for a while about the behavior of the snake, nagini?' "the snake?" said harry, startled
pointing at harry with his black, withered hand, he said, "you are setting too much store by the prophecy!" "but," spluttered harry, "but you said the prophecy means "if voldemort had never heard of the prophecy, would it have been fulfilled? would it have meant anything? of course not! ho you think every prophecy in the hall of prophecy has been fulfilled?" "but," said harry, bewildered, "but last year, you said one of us would have to kill the other " "harry, harry, only because voldemort made a grave error, and acted on professor trelawney's words! if voldemort had never murdered your father, would he have imparted in you a furious desire for revenge? of course not! if he had not forced your mother to die for you, would he have given you a magical protection he could not penetrate? of course not, harry! don't you see? voldemort himself created his worst enemy, just as tyrants everywhere do! have you any idea how much tyrants fear the people they oppress? all of them realize that, one day, amongst their many victims, there is sure to be one who rises against them and strikes back! voldemort is no different! always he was on the lookout for the one who would challenge him
"but, sir," said harry, making valiant efforts not to sound argu-mentative, "it all comes to the same thing, doesn't it? i've got to try and kill him, or " "got to?" said dumbledore
"well you don't mind it's over, do you?", "no," ron admitted
"of course, this puts you in a bit of a dilemma, doesn't it?" said hermione
"you definitely went into the bathroom, then?" said hermione
don't go wasting the rest of that potion! you'll need all the luck you can get if dumbledore takes you along with him
malfoy's hex missed harry by inches, shattering the lamp on the wall beside him; harry threw himself sideways, thought levicorpus! and flicked his wand, but malfoy blocked the jinx and raised his wand for another "no! no! stop it!" squealed moaning myrtle, her voice echoing loudly around the tiled room
"where?" "it was a library book," harry invented wildly
"by the sound of it, malfoy was trying to use an unforgivable curse, you should be glad harry had something good up his sleeve!" "well, of course i'm glad harry wasn't cursed!" said hermione, clearly stung
"we won!" yelled ron, bounding into sight and brandishing the silver cup at harry
omens i have been vouchsafed - what?' she looked suddenly shifty
' 'somebody in -? who?' demanded harry
'who was in there?' ' ? have no idea,' said professor trelawney, looking slightly taken aback at the urgency in harry's voice
' 'whooping?' 'gleefully,' she said, nodding
'everything went pitch black and the next thing i knew, i was being hurled headfirst out of the room!' 'and you didn't see that coming?' said harry, unable to help himself
'i'm not scared!' said harry at once, and it was perfectly true; fear was one emotion he was not feeling at all
'do you think that i have once left the school unprotected during my absences this year? i have not
'er - why do i need socks?' 'you need what's wrapped in them, it's the felix felicis
'you can apparate now, i believe?' 'yes,' said harry, 'but i haven't got a licence
i think the journey alone would have done it, don't you?" harry looked up at the cliff again and felt goose bumps
"you see?" said dumbledore quietly, holding his wand a little higher
"you've got to give the door something?" "yes," said dumbledore
"do you think the horcrux is here?" "oh yes," said dumbledore
"what was that?" "something, i think, that is ready to respond should we attempt to seize the horcrux
"but then ?" "i do not think you will count, harry: you are underage and un-qualified
"professor!" he said, and his startled voice echoed loudly over the silent water
"there are bodies in here!" said harry, and his voice sounded much higher than usual and most unlike his own
"sir, no, don't touch !" "i cannot touch," said dumbledore, smiling faintly
you understand?" their eyes met over the basin, each pale face lit with that strange, green light
"why can't i drink the potion instead?" asked harry desperately
"professor dumbledore?" said harry, his voice strained
"aguamenti!" he shouted, jabbing the goblet with his wand
"but i had some wait aguamenti!" said harry again, pointing his wand at the goblet
"impedimenta! incarcerous!" a few of them stumbled, one or two of them bound in ropes, but those climbing onto the rock behind them merely stepped over or on the fallen bodies
'is it the real mark? has someone definitely been - professor?' in the dim green glow from the mark harry saw dumble-dore clutching at his chest with his blackened hand
there is a pair, i take it?' 'the other's in borgin and burkes,' said malfoy, 'and they make a kind of passage between them
' 'i haven't got any options!' said malfoy, and he was sud- denly as white as dumbledore
' 'what's that mean, then, what's that mean?' yelled the death eater, suddenly violent
"fight back, you cowardly-" "coward, did you call me, potter?" shouted snape
!"it's mcgonagalls orders," said ginny
how's bill?" nobody answered
nobody paid her any attention except ginny, who whispered, "shh! listen!"gulping, madam pomfrey pressed her fingers to her mouth, her eyes wide
"dumbledore believed snape was sorry james was dead? snape hated james
one of them, gibbon, broke away and headed up the tower stairs -"to set off the mark?" asked harry
"what do you mean, ' he was going to be married?'"mrs. weasley raised her tear-stained face, looking startled
"she still wants to marry him, even though he's been bitten! she doesn't care!"it's different," said lupin, barely moving his lips and looking suddenly tense
all that had taken place around that black lake seemed like an old nightmare now; had it really happened, and only hours ago?"you didn't get it?" said ron, looking crestfallen
' 'anyone else we know died?' ron asked hermione, who was perusing the evening prophet
'you were the one who kept telling me the book was dangerous!' 'i'm trying to say, harry, that you're pulling too much blame on yourself
' she said, with an oddly twisted smile, 'it's for some stupid, noble reason, isn't it?' 'it's been like
do you mind if i walk a little way with you?' 'no,' said harry indifferently, and set off again
we had our disagree-ments, as you know, but no one knows better than -' ?what do you want?' asked harry flatly
the bond between the two of you -' 'what do you want?' harry repeated, coming to a halt
' 'so,' said scrimgeour, his voice cold now, 'the request made of you at christmas -' 'what request? oh yeah
"what did scrimgeour want?' hermione whispered
"will the ministry have fallen by next saturday?"once again, all heads turned
the faces around him displayed nothing but shock; he might have announced that he wanted to borrow one of their arms."no volunteers?" said voldemort
why do the malfoys look so unhappy with their lot? is my return, my rise to power, not the very thing they professed to desire for so many years?"of course, my lord," said lucius malfoy
do you recognize our guest, severus?" asked voldemort
and you, draco?" asked voldemort, stroking the snake's snout with his wand-free hand
what the c?"he looked around, the landing of number four, privet drive, was deserted
you took you time!" roared vernon dursley when harry appeared at the top of the stairs, "get down here
i thought there was a ministry of magic?" asked vernon dursley abruptly
"exactly c he's the best!" said uncle vernon, pointing at the blank television screen
there has been a little change in the arrangements c "what d'you mean?" said harry at once
he turned to the dursleys, "well, are we all packed and ready to go?"none of them answered him
"what don't you understand, popkin?" asked petunia looking up at her son
what now?" barked uncle vernon, reappearing in the doorway
surely you know where your nephew is going?" she asked looking bewildered
are we going or not?" roared uncle vernon, reappearing yet again at the living room door
don't you want to take a last look at the place?" he asked hedwig, who was still sulking with her head under her wing
"i don't c "the trace, the trace!" said mad-eye impatiently
"no way!"i told them you'd take it like this," said hermione with a hint of complacency
if you think i'm going to let six people risk their lives c!" c because it's the first time for all of us," said ron
tha' one was my idea." he pointed a thick finger at a purple button near the speedometer
"hagrid c accio hagrid!"the motorbike sped up, sucked towards the earth
what happened, anyway? something go wrong with the bike? arthur weasley overstretch himself again, him and his muggle contraptions?"no," said harry, as his scar pulsed like an open wound
will george be okay?"all lupin's frustration with harry seemed to drain away at the question
the last words albus dumbledore spoke to the pair of us!"'harry is the best hope we have
but what made him change targets?"harry behaved a little too kindly to stan shunpike," said lupin
how is he?"mrs. weasley looked around and said, "i can't make it grow back, not when it's been removed by dark magic
what's wrong with him?" croaked fred, looking terrified
"why aren't ron and bill huddled round my sickbed?"they're not back yet, george," said mrs. weasley
remus!" tonks cried as she staggered off the broom into lupin's arms. his face was set and white: he seemed unable to speak, ron tripped dazedly toward harry and hermione
so what happened to you lot?" tonks asked, turning to harry, hermione, and kingsley
so mundungus disappeared?" said lupin, who had drained his own glass in one
if voldemort finds out i'm here c "but why should he?" asked mrs. weasley
i know that c "mad-eye wouldn't want c "i know!" harry bellowed
where's hedwig, harry?" she said coaxingly
"escaped him, fought him off when he was right on top of yeh!"it wasn't me," said harry flatly
may i ask why you are abandoning your education?" said mrs. weasley
"you're barely of age, any of you! it's utter nonsense, if dumbledore needed work doing, he had the whole order at his command! harry, you must have misunderstood him
"that's what you're trying to do?"i c not c i was joking," said harry evasively
"but surely snape will have told the death eaters the address by now?" asked harry
"no! so why in the name of merlin's saggy left c "don't talk to your mother like that," said mr. weasley firmly
i'm doing it, i'm doing c! oh, it's you," said ron in relief, as harry entered the room
"it's just so awf-ful, isn't it? r-right after dumbledore
"but you know what he'd say to us if he was here?"'c-constant vigilance,'" said hermione, mopping her eyes
i'm sorry, i'm sorry!" hermione cried as harry wrenched the book from ron's leg and retied it shit
what are you doing with all those books anyway?" ron asked, limping back to his bed
even if we're not going back there, i don't think i'd feel right if i didn't have it with c "listen!" said harry again
"why?" harry asked, following ron out of the room onto the tiny landing
good, eh?"harry merely looked his confusion
it is!" said ron, clearly frustrated that harry had not grasped the brilliance of the plan
how in the name of merlin's pants have you managed to get your hands on those horcrux books?"it c it wasn't stealing!" said hermione, looking from harry to ron with a kind of desperation
"why did he have to ask slughorn how to make a horcrux, then, if he'd already read that?" asked ron
"who, gregorovitch?"voldemort
what are you doing now, messing her around?"i'm not messing her around," said harry, as hermione caught up with them
"thank you, ron!" said hermione, looking both pleased and a little confused
"an' there's charlie! always liked him c hey! charlie!"charlie approached, running his hand slightly ruefully over his new, brutally short haircut
"the, er, sitting room, why don't you use that?"you can lead the way," scrimgeour said to ron
why would he have left you and item so rare?"ron shook his head, looking bewildered
"what else could i do with it?"evidently scrimgeour had no suggestions
why do you think dumbledore left you that book, miss granger?" asked scrimgeour
why did dumbledore leave you this snitch?" asked scrimgeour
"you think this a mere symbolic keepsake, then?"i suppose so," said harry
"what is it?" asked harry, excitement rekindling
"don't you remember?"hermione looked simply bemused
what's that supposed to mean?"hermione and ron shook their heads, looking blank
i thought he was a friend of yours, ronald, or have you merely been boasting?"no c he couldn't come c "hmm
"or is he a relative?" he added with a glance at harry's red curly hair
ooooh!" said hermione, swiveling around in her seat to look at the entrance
"if you would please stand up!"they all did so, auntie muriel grumbling audibly; he waved his wand again
vot about him?" asked krum suspiciously
he made your wand! that's why i thought c quidditch c "krum was looking more and more suspicious
where is gregorowitch these days?"krum looked puzzled
may i sit down?"of course, of course," said doge; he had a rather high-pitched, wheezy voice
that's why i can't wait to find out what skeeter's unearthed! dumbledore kept that sister of his quiet for a long time!"untrue!" wheezed doge, "absolutely untrue!"he never told me his sister as a squib," said harry, without thinking, still cold inside
he was so devastated by her death c "why did nobody ever see her, elphias?" squawked muriel, "why did half of us never even know she existed, until they carried the coffin out of the house and held a funeral for her? where was saintly albus while ariana was locked in the cellar? off being brilliant at hogwarts, and never mind what was going on in his own house!"what d'you mean, locked in the cellar?" asked harry
so you say, elphias, but explain, then, why she never attended hogwarts!" said auntie muriel
all most suspicious, lancelot thought!"doge looked to be on the verge of tears
bathilda bagshot?" harry said
how the ruddy hell c?"undetectable extension charm," said hermione
just as a matter of interest, why tottenham court road?" ron asked hermione
"true," said ron, looking around, "but don't you feel a bit c exposed?"where else is there?" asked hermione, cringing as the men on the other side of the road started wolf-whistling at her
"we can hardly book rooms at the leaky cauldron, can we? and grimmauld place is out if snape can get in there
"fancy a drink? ditch ginger and come and have a pint!"let's sit down somewhere," hermione said hastily as ron opened his mouth to shout back across the road
"never mind what they're called!" said hermione a little hysterically
"clear up?" said ron, looking around at the partly destroyed caf
yeah," said harry, "but it wasn't really him, was it? just something to scare snape
they're all right, they're all right!" she whispered, and ron half laughed and hugged her
dear padfoot,thank you, thank you, for harry's birthday present! it was his favorite by far
did you make all this mess, or was some of it done when you got here?"someone had searched before me," said harry
i mean was in the order, wasn't he?"well then," said harry, keen to discuss his theory, "what about information on dumbledore? the second page of the letter, for instance
in your mum's letter? but i didn't see c "harry shook his head, pointing at regulus's sign
"where is it now?" asked harry jubilantly as ron and hermione looked gleeful
"he disapparated!"but
how could voldemort have made such a mistake? but even as he thought this, hermione spoke, and her voice was icy
"you didn't disobey orders at all!"kreacher shook his head, rocking as fast as ever
the mudblood touched kreacher, he will not allow it, what would his mistress say?"i told you not to call her 'mudblood'!" snarled harry, but the elf was already punishing himself
find mundungus fletcher?" he croaked
"i don't know i'm doing it!"well, can't you find something useful to occupy yourself?"what, like reading kids' stories?"dumbledore left me this book, ron c " c and he left me the deluminator, maybe i'm supposed to use it!"unable to stand the bickering, harry slipped out of the room unnoticed by either of them
so death eaters have taken over the daily prophet too?" asked hermione furiously
"why didn't voldemort declare himself minister of magic?" asked ron
muggle-born register!" she read aloud
"it's mental, if you could steal magic there wouldn't be any squibs, would there?"i know," said lupin
what's voldemort planning for hogwarts?" she asked lupin
lupin gave an artificial smile that was more like a grimace, then said, "so.
don't you understand what i've done to my wife and my unborn child? i should never have married her, i've made her an outcast!"lupin kicked aside the chair he had overturned
"don't say that c how could any child be ashamed of you?"oh, i don't know, hermione," said harry
if the new regime thinks muggle-borns are bad," harry said, "what will they do to a half-werewolf whose father's in the order? my father died trying to protect my mother and me, and you reckon he'd tell you to abandon your kid to go on an adventure with us?"how c how dare you?" said lupin
"well then, why the 'ell am i being 'unted down by 'ouse-elves? or is this about them goblets again? i ain't got none of 'em left, or you could 'ave 'em c "it's not about the goblets either, although you're getting warmer," said harry
she leapt up from the table and hurtled from the room, shouting as she went, "i'll be back in a minute!"'merlin's pants'?" repeated ron, looking amused
"and what about that funny old witch and that little wizard in the navy robes?" hermione asked
"hello!" said hermione in a quavery voice, "how are you today?"not so good, actually," replied the little wizard, who looked thoroughly downcast
"i must c today c must go c "but that's just silly!" said hermione, alarmed
it's horrible, isn't it?" she said to harry, who was staring up at the statue
the wizard leaned toward harry, leering, and muttering "dirk cresswell, eh? from goblin liaison? nice one, albert
ah, mafalda!" said umbridge, looking at hermione
"ten people today and one of them the wife of a ministry employee! tut, tut
"has he been caught having contact with an undesirable?"no," said harry, his throat dry
"did you try meterolojinx recanto? it worked for bletchley
i don't know where he is, he was supposed to meet me here!"umbridge ignored her
could you please tell us from which witch or wizard you took that wand?"t-took?" sobbed mrs. cattermole
he tried to draw his own wand, but too late: "stupefy!"yaxley slid to the ground to lie curled on the floor
"but c but reg said you were the one who submitted my name for questioning!"did i?" muttered harry, tugging at the chains binding her arms, "well, i've had a change of heart
"hermione, how do i get rid of these chains?"wait, i'm trying something up here c "hermione, we're surrounded by dementors!"i know that, harry, but if she wakes up and the locket's gone c i need to duplicate it c geminio! there
reg!" screamed mrs. cattermole, and she threw herself into ron's arms. "runcorn let me out, he attacked umbridge and yaxley, and he's told all of us to leave the country
then:"mary!"mrs. cattermole looked over her shoulder
can't we call him you-know-who c please?"dumbledore said fear of a name c " began harry
i do not know, i never knew, a young man c no c please c please!"a scream that went on and on and then a burst of green light c"harry!"he opened his eyes, panting, his forehead throbbing
"it was a dream! can you control what you dream about, hermione?"if you just learned to apply occlumency c "but harry was not interested in being told off; he wanted to discuss what he had just seen
i can finish the watch!"no, you're obviously exhausted
"harry?"the wooden slats of ron's bunk creaked as he repositioned himself in bed
but wouldn't it be dangerous for him to make another one? didn't hermione say he had pushed his soul to the limit already?"yeah, but maybe he doesn't know that
i would, but my arm's in a sling, in case you hadn't noticed!"that's convenient
"harry, give me the locket! come on," she said impatiently, clicking her fingers at him when he did not react, "the horcrux, harry, you're still wearing it!"she held out her hands, and harry lifted the golden chain over his head
'elax!"and, indeed, it was much easier to relax when they were comfortably well fed
there ought to be a few salmon in here, or d'you reckon it's too early in the season? accio salmon!"there were several distinct splashes and then the slapping sounds of fish against flesh
"how come you're in hiding, then?"i deemed in prudent," said the deeper-voiced goblin
"what about you, griphook?"similar reasons," said the higher voiced goblin
phineas nigellus?" said hermione again
can that possible be the voice of the elusive mr. potter?"maybe," said harry, knowing that this would keep phineas nigellus's interest
"your tone displeases me! the girl and her friends were foolhardily in the extreme
"exactly what claim did the weasley girl have upon it? she deserved her punishment, as did the idiot longbottom and the lovegood oddity!"neville is not an idiot and luna is not an oddity!" said hermione
professor black," said hermione, "couldn't you just tell us, please, when was the last time the sword was taken out of its case? before ginny took it out, i mean?"phineas snorted impatiently
what?"ron snorted as he stared up at the underside of the upper bunk
"so what part of it isn't living up to your expectations?" asked harry
yeah, maybe i will!" shouted ron, and he took several steps toward harry, who did not back away
hermione?"hmm?" she was curled up in one of the sagging armchairs with the tales of beedle the bard
grindelwald's mark?"she looked from harry to the weird symbol and back again
if it's a symbol of dark magic, what's it doing in a book of children's stories?"yeah, it is weird," said harry
well, the sword, harry! dumbledore must have known you'd want to go back there, and i mean, godric's hollow is godric gryffindor's birthplace c "really? gryffindor came from godric's hollow?"harry, did you ever even open a history of magic?"erm," he said, smiling for what felt like the first time in months: the muscles in his face felt oddly stiff
remember what muriel said?" he asked eventually
"what did you do that for? i thought you'd seen a death eater unzipping the tent, at least c "harry, what if bathilda's got the sword? what if dumbledore entrusted it to her?"harry considered this possibility
i wonder why nobody's ever rebuilt it?" whispered hermione
they shouldn't have written on the sign!" said hermione, indignant
are you bathilda?"the muffled figure nodded and beckoned again
"who is this?"bathilda was standing in the middle of the room watching hermione light the fire for her
do you know who this is?" he repeated in a much slower and louder voice than usual
stand aside, girl!"he could have forced her away from the crib, but it seemed more prudent to finish them all
"harry, it's all right, you're all right!"he stooped down and picked up the smashed photograph
expelliarmus!"hermione's wand gave a little jerk, but did not leave her hand
but harry, his mother had just died, he was stuck alone in the house c"alone? he wasn't alone! he had his brother and sister for company, his squib sister he was keeping locked up c"i don't believe it," said hermione
lumos!" he whispered, and the wand-tip ignited
how was this possible? how could it have come to be lying in a forest pool, this close to the place where they were camping? had some unknown magic drawn hermione to this spot, or was the doe, which he had taken to be a patronus, some kind of guardian of the pool? or had the sword been put into the pool after they had arrived, precisely because they were here? in which case, where was the person who wanted to pass it to harry? again he directed the wand at the surrounding trees and bushes, searching for a human outline, for the glint of an eye, but he could not see anyone there
are c you c mental?"nothing but the shock of hearing that voice could have given harry the strength to get up
how come you're here?"apparently ron had hoped that this point would come up later, if at all
so how did the sword get in that pool?"whoever cast the patronus must have put it there
straightaway okay? because whatever's in there will put up a fight
you can do it," said harry, "you can! you've just got the sword, i know it's supposed to be you who uses it
i cam running after you! i called you! i begged you to come back"i know," ron said, "hermione, i'm sorry, i'm really c"oh, you're sorry!"she laughed a high-pitched, out-of-control sound; ron looked at harry for help, but harry merely grimaced his helplessness
the deluminator?" she asked, so surprised she forgot to look cold and fierce
if it's annoying you, i'll stop!" he told hermione nervously
we talked ourselves into going there, and c "but it keeps appearing, harry! dumbledore left me the tales of beedle the bard, how do you know we're not supposed to find out about the sign?"here we go again!" harry felt slightly exasperated
why have you come here?" before harry could speak, however, hermione let out a small cry of shock
"aren't you the one who keeps telling everyone it's their first duty to help harry?" said ron
may i offer you all an infusion of gurdyroots?" said xenophilius
the deathly hallows?"that's right," said xenophilius
the original?" inquired xenophilius sharply, and when she nodded, he said, "well then, why don't you read it out aloud? much the best way to make sure we all understand
but that's c i'm sorry, but that's completely ridiculous! how can i possibly prove it doesn't exist? do you expect me to get hold of c of all the pebbles in the world and test them? i mean, you could claim that anything's real if the only basis for believing in it is that nobody's proved it doesn't exist!"yes, you could," said xenophilius
nah, that story's just one of those things you tell kids to teach them lessons, isn't it? 'don't go looking for trouble, don't go pick fights, don't go messing around with stuff that's best left alone! just keep your head down, mind your own business, and you'll be okay
an unbeatable wand, hermione, come on!"we've already got an invisibility cloak," said harry, "and it's helped us rather a lot, in case you hadn't noticed!" said hermione
' as long as you kept your trap shut c"yes, but could you keep your trap shut?" said hermione, looking skeptical
"don't you realize, he's right? i've got so used to harry's cloak and how good it is, i never stopped to think
"so why have you only laid that tray for four?"xenophilius tried to speak, but no sound came out
but they might give her back to me if i c if i c"hand over harry?" hermione finished for him
"didn't i tell you this nutter was just raving as usual?" there was a bang and a scream of pain from xenophilius
it's potter, i tell you, it's potter!" sobbed xenophilius
"she must be alive, she must!"then she'll be in azkaban, i expect," said ron
"harry, you were right, it was godric's hollow all over again, a complete waste of time! the deathly hallows
"but she, the girl in the tale, didn't really come back, did she? the story says that once people are dead, they belong with the dead
the ring, the ring that became the horcrux, marvolo gaunt said it had the peverell coat of arms on it! i saw him waving it in the bloke from the ministry's face, he nearly shoved it up his nose!"the peverell coat of arms?" said hermione sharply
"could you see what it looked like?"not really," said harry, trying to remember
and that's all very interesting," said hermione cautiously, "but harry, if you're thinking what i think you're think c"well, why not? why not?" said harry, abandoning caution
"read it! dumbledore had the cloak, hermione! why else would he want it? he didn't need a cloak, he could perform a disillusionment charm so powerful that he made himself completely invisible without one!"something fell to the floor and rolled, glittering, under a chair: he had dislodged the snitch when he pulled out the letter
"we're not the one with an obsession, harry! we're the ones trying to do what dumbledore wanted us to do!"but he was impervious to the veiled criticism
"they've all got code names, but you can usually tell c"shh!" said hermione
"we're all human, aren't we? every human life is worth the same, and worth saving
we know it's lupin!"romulus, do you maintain, as you have every time you've appeared on our program, that harry potter is still alive?"i do," said lupin firmly
rodent?"'rodent'?" said yet another familiar voice, and harry, ron, and hermione cried out together:"fred!"no c is it george?"it's fred, i think," said ron, leaning in closer, as whichever twin it was said, "i'm not being 'rodent,' no way, i told you i wanted to be 'rapier'!"oh, all right then, 'rapier,' could you please give us your take on the various stories we've been hearing about the chief death eater?"yes, river, i can," said fred
well, who wouldn't want a nice little holiday after all the hard work he's been putting in?" asked fred
what happened to you, ugly?"harry did not answer immediately
you know who used to like using the dark lord's name, weasley?" growled greyback, "the order of the phoenix
greyback!"a dark figure came bustling toward them, and harry saw a glint of silver to the light of their wands
well, this changed things, doesn't it?" whispered greyback
"we've caught potter!"they all took several steps backward, stunned by what they had done
completely sure it's him? 'cause if it ain't, greyback, we're dead
"who's in charge here?" roared greyback, covering his moment of inadequacy
"on three! one c two c three c "they disapparated, pulling the prisoners with them
"fenrit greyback! we've caught harry potter!"greyback seized harry and dragged him around to face the light, forcing the other prisoners to shuffle around too
and this 'ere, see the girl? the mudblood who's been traveling around with 'im, ma'am
are you sure? well then, the dark lord must be informed at once!"she dragged back her left sleeve: harry saw the dark mark burned into the flesh of her arm, and knew that she was about to touch it, to summon her beloved master c"i was about to call him!" said lucius, and his hand actually closed upon bellatrix's wrist, preventing her from touching the mark. "i shall summon him, bella
"you lost your authority when you lost your wand, lucius! how dare you! take your hands off me!"this is nothing to do with you, you did not capture the boy c "begging your pardon, mr. malfoy," interjected greyback, "but it's us that caught potter, and it's us that'll be claiming the gold c "gold!" laughed bellatrix, still attempting to throw off her brother-in-law, her free hand groping in her pocket for her wand
be quiet! the situation is graver than you can possibly imagine, cissy! we have a very serious problem!"she stood, panting slightly, looking down at the sword, examining its hilt
"you can have me, keep me!"bellatrix hit him across the face: the blow echoed around the room
hermione screamed again from overhead, and they could hear bellatrix screaming too, but her words were inaudible, for ron shouted again, "hermione! hermione!"mr. ollivander?" harry could hear luna saying
he tilted the shard of mirror this way and that, and saw nothing reflected there but the walls and ceiling of their prison, and upstairs hermione was screaming worse than ever, and next to him ron was bellowing, "hermione! hermione!"how did you get into my vault?" they heard bellatrix scream
dob c!"harry hit ron on the arm to stop him shouting, and ron looked terrified at his mistake
"but how did you c?"an awful scream drowned harry's words: hermione was being tortured again
you can disapparate out of this cellar?" he asked dobby, who nodded, his ears flapping
"can you do that, dobby?"of course, harry potter," whispered the little elf
you're going to kill me?" harry choked, attempting to prise off the metal fingers
"is it the true sword?"harry waited, holding his breath, fighting against the prickling of his scar
"draco, pick them up! the dark lord is coming, harry potter! your death approaches!"harry knew it; his scar was bursting with the pain of it, and he could feel voldemort flying through the sky from far away, over a dark and stormy sea, and soon he would be close enough to apparate to them, and harry could see no way out
dobby!" she screamed and even bellatrix froze
you dirty little monkey!" bawled bellatrix
"dobby is a free elf, and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends!"harry's scar was blinding him with pain
are you all right?" he said as the goblin stirred, but griphook merely whimpered
dobby!"the elf swayed slightly, stars reflected in his wide, shining eyes
dobby c no c help!" harry bellowed toward the cottage, toward the people moving there
what did you know about me, dumbledore?am i meant to know but not to seek? did you know how hard i'd feel that? is that why you made it this difficult? so i'd have time to work that out?harry stood quite still, eyes glazed, watching the place where a bright gold ray of dazzling sun was rising over the horizon
there was hardly any time left; now was the moment to decide: horcruxes or hallows?"griphook," harry said
but it is, it is precisely that! as the dark lord becomes ever more powerful, your race is set still more firmly above mine! gringotts falls under wizarding rule, house-elves are slaughtered, and who amongst the wand-carriers protests?"we do!" said hermione
"mudblood, and proud of it! i've got no higher position under this new order than you have, griphook! it was me they chose to torture, back at the malfoys!"as she spoke, she pulled aside the neck of the dressing gown to reveal the thin cut bellatrix had made, scarlet against her throat
"was he ever inside the lestranges' vault?"i don't know whether he was ever inside gringotts," said harry
can you mend this? is it possible?"ollivander held out a trembling hand, and harry placed the two barely connected halves in his palm
"so i should use this one?" said ron, pulling wormtail's wand out of his pocket and handing it to ollivander
and you-know-who is interested in it, isn't he?" asked harry
he tortured me, you must understand that! the cruciatus curse, i c i had no choice but to tell him what i knew, what i guessed!"i understand," said harry
"you told him about the twin cores? you said he just had to borrow another wizard's wand?"ollivander looked horrified, transfixed, by the amount that harry knew
do you know why that is?"ollivander shook his head slowly as he had just nodded
when you-know-who realized my wand had done something strange, he came back and asked about that other wand, didn't he?"how do you know this?"harry did not answer
no!" said hermione, sounding frightened
"he can't know that, harry, how could he c?"priori incantatem," said harry
"so you c you don't think it can be a fairy tale or a myth?" hermione asked hopefully
"but then c where is it now?"at hogwarts," said harry, fighting to remain with them in the cliff-top garden
"harry!" ron said furiously
"the unbeatable wand, harry!" moaned ron
"if it wasn't dumbledore, explain how dobby knew we were in the cellar, hermione?"i can't c but can you explain how dumbledore sent him to us if he's lying in a tomb at hogwarts?"i dunno, it could've been his ghost!"dumbledore wouldn't come back as a ghost," said harry
"it was made for him, wasn't it?"no!" cried the goblin, bristling with anger as he pointed a long finger at ron
"was the sword stolen by gryffindor?"i don't know," she said hopelessly
"goblins aren't exactly fluffy little bunnies, though, are they?" said ron
i have your word, harry potter, that you will give me the sword of gryffindor if i help you?"yes," said harry
then griphook relinquished him, clapped his hands together, and said, "so. we begin!"it was like planning to break into the ministry all over again
all around the table came cries of delight, sighs of relief: hermione and fleur both squealed, "congratulations!" and ron said, "blimey, a baby!" as if he had never heard of such a thing before
harry, what do you want from griphook, and what have you promised him in return?"i can't tell you that," said harry
she tasted disgusting, worse than gurdyroots! okay, ron, come here so i can do you
so what brings you and your cah csympathetic friend to diagon alley this early?" asked travers
shall we?" said travers, gesturing hermione forward
identification? i ci have never been asked for identification before!" said hermione
"but how could you have done, which wandmaker did you use?"harry acted without thinking
wait c bogrod!"another goblin came scurrying around the counter
make him press his hand to the door!" griphook urged harry, who turned his wand again upon bogrod
it burned me!" moaned hermione, sucking her blistered fingers
they have added germino and flagrante curses!" said griphook
and how the hell are we going to get up there without touching anything?" asked ron
"where's the sword? it had the cup on it!"the clanking on the other side of the door was growing deafening c it was too late c"there!"it was griphook who had seen it and griphook who lunged, and in that instant harry knew that the goblin had never expected them to keep their word
how long would it be before voldemort knew that they had broken into the lestranges' vault? how soon would the goblins of gringotts notify bellatrix? how quickly would they realize what had been taken? and then, when they discovered that the golden cup was missing? voldemort would know, at last, that they were hunting horcruxes
say it again!" murmured voldemort
"say it again!"m-my lord," stammered the goblin, its black eyes wide with terror, "m-my lord
which should he visit first, which was in most danger? an old unease flickered inside him
accio cloak!" roared one of the death eaters harry seized his folds, but it made no attempt to escape
not under your wrapper, then, potter?" yelled the death eater who had tried the charm and then to his fellows
let's just leave!" hermione whispered
he'll be easier to kill if he's been kissed first!"there were noises of agreement
"break curfew again and we won't be so lenient!"the death eaters strode back towards the high street
where've you left him?"he's dead," said harry, "bellatrix lestrange killed him
someone sent a doe patronus to us!"brains like that, you could be a death eater, son
haven't i just prove my patronus is a goat?"oh," said ron, "yeah
"you don't think i understood my own brother? think you know albus better than i did?"i didn't mean that," said harry, whose brain felt sluggish with exhaustion and from the surfeit of food and wine
?" said hermione, frowning at ariana's picture
shall we get going then? oh," he turned to aberforth, "ab, there might be a couple more people to the way
"it isn't on the marauder's map, is it harry? i thought there were only seven passages in and out of school?"they sealed off all of those before the start of the year," said neville
as harry followed, he heard neville call out for unseen people:"look who it is! didn't i tell you?"as harry emerged into the room behind the passage, there were several screams and yells: "harry!"it's potter, it's potter!"ron!"hermione!"he had a confused impression of colored hangings, of lamps and many faces
"and the dragon's true too!"there was a smattering of applause and a few whoops; ron took a bow
what d'you mean, 'get out of here'?"we haven't come back to stay," said harry, rubbing his scar, trying to soothe the pain
hi, everyone!" said luna happily
"we want to be a part of it!"there was another noise behind them, and harry turned
was he turning into dumbledore, keeping his secrets clutched to his chest, afraid to trust? but dumbledore had trusted snape, and where had that led? to murder at the top of the highest tower
what if you get it wrong?"well, you have to wait for somebody who gets it right," said luna
"didn't professor flitwick let her in earlier this evening, at your urgent request? perhaps she could open the door for you? then you needn't wake up half the castle
"no she bludgering well won't!" bellowed amycus
as amycus spun around, harry shouted, "crucio!"the death eater was lifted off his feet
professor, so you know where the diadem of ravenclaw is?"the d-diadem of ravenclaw? of course not c hasn't it been lost for centuries?" she sat up a little straighter "potter, it was madness, utter madness, for you to enter this castle c"i had to," said harry
"really?" said professor mcgonagall
"you have some objection?"i wonder what could have brought you out of our bed at this late hour?"i thought i heard a disturbance," said professor mcgonagall
no!" squealed flitwick, raising his wand
"you'll do no more murder at hogwarts!"flitwick's spell hit the suit of armor behind which snape had taken shelter
have you got any idea where the diadem of ravenclaw is?" cprotego horribillis c the diadem of ravenclaw?" squeaked flitwick
what, then, was the horcrux?"we shall meet you and your ravenclaws in the great hall, filius!" said professor mcgonagall, beckoning to harry and luna to follow her
piertotum coh, for heaven's sake, filch, not now c"the aged caretaker had just come hobbling into view, shouting "students out of bed! students in the corridors!"they're supposed to be you blithering idiot!" shouted mcgonagall
that was potter!"harry potter!"it was him, i swear, i just saw him!"but harry did not look back, and at last they reached the entrance to the room of requirement, harry leaned against the enchanted wall, which opened to admit them, and he and luna sped back down the steep staircase
i'm in dumbledore's army c"a teenagers' gang!"a teenagers' gang that's about to take him on, which no one else has dared to do!" said fred
i was a fool!" percy roared, so loudly that lupin nearly dropped his photograph
"where's professor snape?" shouted a girl from the slytherin table
someone grab him!"before harry could speak, there was a massive movement
hey c wait c come back!"she consented to pause, floating a few inches from the ground
hagrid!" harry bellowed, fighting off fang the boarhound's attentions as the enormous bearded figure clambered to his feet "what the c?"harry, yer here! yer here!"hagrid stooped down, bestowed upon harry a cursory and rib-cracking hug, then ran back to the shattered window
not exactly what i meant, bu' c where's ron an' hermione?"that," said harry, "is a really good question
where're we goin'?" puffed hagrid, pounding along at harry's heels, making the floorboards quake
mandrakes!" neville bellowed at harry over his shoulder as he ran
it was ron, all ron's idea!" said hermione breathlessly
"is everyone okay?" said ginny and tonks together
and he never realized anyone could get in?" said ron, his voice echoing in the silence
"we can do disslusion charms now! and then," his face split into a gormless grin, "you turned up right in front of us and said you was looking for a die-dum! what's a die-dum?"harry?" ron's voice echoed suddenly from the other side of the wall to harry's right
stop!" malfoy shouted at crabbe, his voice echoing through the enormous room
i say we go c harry, what's that on your arm?"what? oh yeah c "he pulled the diadem from his wrist and held it up
it must have been fiendfyre!" whimpered hermione, her eyes on the broken piece
"did i mention i'm resigning?"you're joking, perce!" shouted fred as the death eater he was battling collapsed under the weight of three separate stunning spells
it brought friends!" harry called to the others, glancing over the edge of the castle through the hole in the wall the curses had blasted
let's move, now!"pushing hermione ahead of him with ron, harry stooped to seize fred's body under the armpit
you need to find out where voldemort is, because he'll have the snake with him, won't he? do it, harry c look inside him!"why was it so easy? because his scar had been burning for hours, yearning to show him voldemort's thoughts? he closed his eyes on her command, and at once, the screams and bangs and all the discordant sounds of the battle were drowned until they became distant, as though he stood far, far away from them
more prudent to call off this battle, enter the castle, and seek him y-yourself?"do not pretend lucius
go."frightened, stumbling a little through the gloom, lucius left the room
and that's the second time we've saved your life tonight, you two-faced bastard!" ron yelled
don't!" ron yelled, grabbing hermione's hand as she raised her wand
patronuses, harry, come on!"he raised his wand, but a dull hopelessness was spreading throughout him: how many more lay dead that he did not yet know about? he felt as though his soul had already half left his body
"put the cloak on!"he groped behind him and she forced the bundle of slippery cloth into his free hand
why doesn't it work for me, severus?"in the silence harry imagined he could hear the snake hissing slightly as it coiled and uncoiled cor was it voldemort's sibilant sigh lingering on the air?"my c my lord?" said snape blankly
do you know why i have called you back from battle?"and for a moment harry saw snape's profile
why did both the wands i have used fail when directed at harry potter?"i c i cannot answer that, my lord
where is everyone?" whispered hermione
mummy said you weren't allowed, lily!"but i'm fine," said lily, still giggling
"how do you do it?" she added, and there was definite longing in her voice
what's obvious?" asked lily
that's not a very nice thing to say to somebody!"she turned, nose in the air, and marched off toward her sister
"really?" whispered lily
"does it make a difference, being muggle-born?"snape hesitated
they're not arguing anymore?"oh yes, they're arguing," said snape
"doesn't your dad like magic?"he doesn't like anything, much," said snape
"what d'you want to know about them for?"if i use magic outside school c "they wouldn't give you to the dementors for that! dementors are for people who do really bad stuff
but we're going!" he said, unable to suppress the exhilaration in his voice
who wants to be in slytherin? i think i'd leave, wouldn't you?" james asked the boy lounging on the seats opposite him, and with a jolt, harry realized that it was sirius
where are you heading, if you've got the choice?"james lifted an invisible sword
got a problem with that?"no," said snape, though his slight sneer said otherwise
see ya, snivellus!" a voice called, as the compartment door slammed
"they say he's ill c "every month at the full moon?" said snape
you and your precious little death eater friends c you see, you don't even deny it! you don't even deny that's what you're all aiming to be! you can't wait to join you-know-who, can you?"he opened his mouth, but closed it without speaking
snape seemed to shrink a little, "you do not care, then, about the deaths of her husband and child? they can die, as long as you have what you want?"snape said nothing, but merely looked up at dumbledore
weren't you hoping that lord voldemort would spare her?"snape's breathing was shallow
i want your word!"my word, severus, that i shall never reveal the best of you?" dumbledore sighed, looking down into snape's ferocious, anguished face
well?" murmured dumbledore
"and are you tempted to join him?"no," said snape, his black eyes on fleur's and roger's retreating figures
it is a miracle you managed to return here!" snape sounded furious
"and my soul, dumbledore? mine?"you alone know whether it will harm your soul to help an old man avoid pain and humiliation," said dumbledore
harry must not know, not until the last moment, not until it is necessary, otherwise how could he have the strength to do what must be done?"but what must he do?"that is between harry and me
"for nagini?" snape looked astonished
how many men and women have you watched die?"lately, only those whom i could not save," said snape
you will present it as your own idea. you understand?"i understand," murmured mundungus, his eyes unfocused
"harry, you're not thinking of handing yourself over?"no," harry lied easily
just in case they're c busy c and you get the chance c"kill the snake?"kill the snake," harry repeated
was he in some great room of requirement? the longer he looked, the more there was to see
why did my wand break the wand he borrowed?"as to that, i cannot be sure
"where would you say that we are?"until dumbledore had asked, harry had not known
well?"for the first time since harry had met dumbledore, he looked less than an old man, much less
and then your father died, and i had two hallows at last, all to myself!"his tone was unbearably bitter
so you'd given up looking for the hallows when you saw the cloak?"oh yes," said dumbledore faintly
did i know, in my heart of hearts, what gellert grindelwald was? i think i did, but i closed my eyes
"but you'd have been better, much better, than fudge or scimgeour!" burst out harry
"we are in king's cross you say? i think that if you decided not to go back, you would be able to
is draco alive? is he in the castle?"the whisper was barely audible, her lips were an inch from his ear, her head bent so low that her long hair shielded his face from the onlookers
"he will be nice and visible in your arms, will he not? pick up your little friend, hagrid
"harry potter is dead! do you understand now, deluded ones? he was nothing, ever, but a boy who relied on others to sacrifice themselves for him!"he beat you!" yelled ron, and the charm broke, and the defenders of hogwarts were shouting and screaming again until a second, more powerful bang extinguished their voices once more
"you think it will be you, do you, the boy who has survived by accident, and because dumbledore was pulling the strings?"accident, was it, when my mother died to save me?" asked harry
"i brought about the death of albus dumbledore!"you thought you did," said harry, "but you were wrong
you never saw snape cast a patronus, did you, riddle?"voldemort did not answer
i killed severus snape three hours ago, and the elder wand, the deathstick, the wand of destiny is truly mine! dumbledore's last plan went wrong, harry potter!"yeah, it did
"he killed c "aren't you listening? snape never beat dumbledore! dumbledore's death was planned between them! dumbledore intended to die, undefeated, the wand's last true master! if all had gone as planned, the wand's power would have died with him, because it had never been won from him!"but then, potter, dumbledore as good as gave me the wand!" voldemort's voice shook with malicious pleasure
didn't you listen to ollivander? the wand chooses the wizard
"will you come with me?"they stood up at once, and together he, ron and hermione left the great hall
but of course, harry, it is yours forever, until you pass it on!"and then there's this
"are you mental?"i know it's powerful," said harry wearily
oh, it would be lovely if they got married!" whispered lily ecstatically
"don't forget to give neville our love!" ginny told james as she hugged him
why are they all staring?" demanded albus as he and rose craned around to look at the other students
